# 考研英语真题语料库 (pastpapers.cn)



# ==================================================
# 考研英语真题语料库 (来自用户下载的PDF)
# ==================================================

## 2025年 英语一 (来源: 2025-1.pdf)
2025 年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D
on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Located in the southern Peloponnesian peninsula, Pavlopetri (the modern name of the site)
emerged as a Neolithic settlement around 3500 B.C. This area of the Aegean Sea is 1 to
earthquakes and tsunamis, which caused the city to 2 sink. The slow sea level rise in the
Mediterranean 3 the city more than 3,000 years ago.
For millennia, the city’s 4 lay unseen below some 13 feet of water. They were covered
by a thick layer of sand 5 the island of Laconia. In recent decades, shifting 6 and climate
change have eroded a natural barrier that 7 Pavlopetri. In 1967, a scientific survey of the
Peloponnesian coast was 8 data to analyze changes in sea levels 9 British oceanographer
Nicholas Flemming first spotted the sunken 10 . A year later, he returned with a few students
to 11 the location and map the site. The team identified some 15 buildings, courtyards, a
network of streets, and two chamber tombs. 12 the exciting initial finds, the site would
lie 13 for decades before archaeologists would return.
In 2009 archaeologists Chrysanthi Gallon and Jon Henderson 14 excavation of
Pavlopetri in cooperation with the Greek Ministry of Culture. Since the 1960s, underwater
archaeology 15 and tools had made huge advances. The team 16 robotics, sonar
mapping, and state-of-the-art graphics to survey the site. From 2009 to 2013 they were able to
bring the underwater town to 17 . Covering about two and a half acres, Pavlopetri’s three
main roads 18 some 50 rectangular buildings, all of which had open courtyards. Excavations
revealed a large number of Minoan-style loom weights, 19 Pavlopetri was a thriving trade
center with a 20 textile industry.
1
pastpapers.cn
1. A. relevant B. prone C. available D. alien
2. A. accidentally B. frequently C. gradually D. temporarily
3. A. disguised B. submerged C. relocated D. isolated
4. A. legends B. programs C. remains D. surroundings
5. A. across B. off C. under D. via
6. A. currents B. rivers C. seasons D. winds
7. A. elevated B. separated C. comprised D. protected
8. A. gathering B. restoring C. updating D. supplying
9. A. when B. until C. after D. once
10. A. belongings B. resources C. products D. structures
11. A. preserve B. select C. display D. examine
12. A. Despite B. Unlike C. Besides D. Among
13. A. unchallenged B. unknown C. unorganized D. undisturbed
14. A. suspended B. transferred C. resumed D. canceled
15. A. policies B. theories C. documents D. techniques
16. A. ordered B. provided C. employed D. adjusted
17. A. effect B. light C. reality D. mind
18. A. crossed B. connected C. blocked D. altered
19. A. expecting B. suggesting C. predicting D. recalling
20. A. robust B. diverse C. marginal D. dependent
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D.
Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
2
pastpapers.cn
Text 1
The grammar school boy from Stratford-upon-Avon has landed a scholarly punch after
groundbreaking research showed that Shakespeare does benefit children’s literacy and emotional
development. But only if you act him out.
A study found that a “rehearsal room” approach to teaching Shakespeare broadened
children’s vocabulary and the complexity of their writing as well as their emotional literacy. “The
research shows that the way actors work makes a big difference to the way children use language
and also how they think about themselves,” Jacqui O’Hanlon of the Royal Shakespeare Company
(RSC), which commissioned the study, said.
The randomised control trial involved hundreds of year 5 pupils — aged nine and ten — at
45 state primary schools that had not been “previously exposed to RSC pedagogy.” They were
split into target and control groups and asked to write, for example, a message in a bottle as
Ferdinand following the shipwreck in The Tempest. The target group were given a 30-minute
drama-based activity to accompany the passage.
The peer-reviewed results showed that the target group of pupils drew on a wider vocabulary,
used words “classed as more sophisticated or rarer”, and wrote at greater length. They also
“appear to be more comfortable writing in role...while [control] pupils imagine how they
themselves would react to being shipwrecked, [target] children put themselves in the shoes of a
literary character and express that character’s emotion”. The Time to Act study, which is
published by the RSC this week, also found that while control pupils relied on “desert island
clichés” such as palm trees, target pupils were “more expansive [giving] a broader picture of the
sky, the sea and the atmospheric conditions”.
O’Hanlon said she had been most surprised by the “emotional literacy that was evident in the
[target] children’s writing” and that they were “more resilient in their writing, more hopeful”. She
added “The emotional understanding was very evident and it is probably related to the [rehearsal
room process] where you are used to trying to imagine your way through. They were comfortable
in describing different emotional states and part of what you do in drama is put yourself in
different shoes.” The study showed the importance of embedding arts in education, she said.
But could the results be replicated with any old dramatist? O’Hanlon said more research
would be needed but suggested that Shakespeare’s use of 20,000 words, compared with the
everyday 2,000 words, gave a “massive expansion of language into children’s lives”, which was
combined with children “using their whole bodies to bring words to life”.
3
pastpapers.cn
21. The “rehearsal room” approach requires pupils to ____
A. rewrite the lines from Shakespeare.
B. watch RSC actors’ performances.
C. play the roles in Shakespeare.
D. study drama under RSC artists.
22. The study divided the pupils into two groups to find whether ____
A. the change in instruction enhances learning outcomes.
B. expanding vocabulary helps develop reading fluency.
C. emotion affects understanding of sophisticated works.
D. the classroom activity stimulates interest in the arts.
23. Control pupils’ reliance on “desert island clichés” shows their ____
A. weakness in description.
B. omission of small details.
C. casual style of writing.
D. preference for big words.
24. What can promote children’s emotional literacy according to O’Hanlon?
A. Writing in an imaginative manner.
B. Identifying with literary characters.
C. Drawing inspiration from nature.
D. Concentrating on real-life situations.
25. It can be inferred from the last paragraph that ____
A. the new teaching method may work best with Shakespeare.
B. the language of Shakespeare may be formidable for pupils.
C. other old dramatists may be included in primary education.
D. pupils may be reluctant to work on other old dramatists.
4
pastpapers.cn
Text 2
I was shocked to learn recently that some scientists want to scale back their research in an
effort to decrease carbon emissions. The crisis is here, they said, and we need to cut back on our
energy-intensive modelling. At the very least, we need to make our energy use far more
sustainable.
It is unarguable that our laboratories, scientific instruments, rockets and satellites — the tools
we scientists need to measure the planet’s pulse — demand significant amounts of energy both in
their construction and operation. And it is equally true that science’s unrelenting appetite for
information has caused a mushrooming of energy-intensive data centres around the world.
According to the International Energy Agency, these buildings now consume about 1 percent of
the world’s electricity.
However, this is a price we must pay for understanding the world. How can we inform
decision makers about the best ways to bring down carbon emissions if we can’t track the amount
of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, where it’s coming from and who’s producing it? The carbon
emissions from technological research are well spent: ultimately this research will safeguard the
future of our planet.
It can be hard for scientists to make the case because our work is complex, often takes place
behind closed doors and does not always lend itself to easy interpretation or explanation. But
demonstrating the efficacy of science will be crucial if we are to solve humanity’s greatest
challenges. It is all too easy to feel paralysed in the face of daunting problems such as climate
change and to do nothing. But then I think of a friend’s daughter who turned her fears into action:
she became a wind energy engineer and now thrives on delivering renewable energy, limiting
emissions.
Recognising the hope that science and engineering can bring was the impetus behind the
creation of the Millennium Technology Prize, which is now entering its 20th year as a celebration
of human ingenuity. One of the past winners, Professor Martin Green from the University of New
South Wales, Australia, is the inventor of the Passivated Emitter and Rear Cell technology which
is now found in most of the world’s solar panels. Thanks to his invention, we have a real chance
to decrease the world’s carbon emissions.
Every day, scientists, technologists and engineers are discovering new ways to exploit
renewable energy sources and develop techniques not just to use power more intelligently but to
power our intelligence. A great example of this is Europe’s largest supercomputer, LUMI in
Finland, which is astonishingly carbon-negative. Established in an old paper mill, it is powered by
a nearby river and its remote heat warms the people who live in the surrounding town of Kajaani.
If the world is to meet its net-zero ambitions, we must think hard about how we can deliver
sustainable computing and deliver more LUMIs.
5
pastpapers.cn
26. The author expressed great surprise at some scientists’ ____
A. unwillingness to cut carbon emissions.
B. intention to reduce their research.
C. suspicions about sustainable energy.
D. waste of electricity in their projects.
27. The author believes that carbon emissions from research ____
A. have caused grave consequences.
B. have aroused groundless worries.
C. are hard to handle at present.
D. are justifiable in the long run.
28. The example of Green in Paragraph 5 is used to illustrate ____
A. the achievements of great scientists.
B. the urgency of addressing climate change.
C. the rewards of scientific endeavours.
D. the value of fostering human ingenuity.
29. It can be learned from the last two paragraphs that LUMI ____
A. is a model of sustainability efforts.
B. is a triumph against energy shortage.
C. owes much to global net-zero initiatives.
D. aims to explore the power of intelligence.
30. Which of the following statements would the author agree with?
A. Emission-free modelling demands extra funding.
B. The need for supercomputers is difficult to meet.
C. Energy-intensive research work is inevitable.
D. The goals of researchers ought to be realistic.
6
pastpapers.cn
Text 3
Ever since taking on Netflix Inc. at its own game, old Hollywood has struggled to turn a
profit in streaming, with the likes of Disney+, Peacock and Paramount+ losing billions of dollars
each year, sparking concerns that the services will never be as profitable as cable once was. But
the age of streaming has been a boon for some unintended winners: pirates that use software to rip
a film or television show in seconds from legitimate online video platforms and host the titles on
their own, illegitimate services, which rake in about $2 billion annually from ads and subscriptions.
With no video production costs, illegal streaming sites have achieved profit margins
approaching 90%, according to the Motion Picture Association (MPA), a trade group representing
Hollywood studios that’s working to crack down on the thousands of illegal platforms that have
cropped up in recent years.
Initially the rise of legitimate online businesses such as Netflix actually helped curb digital
piracy, which had largely been based on file uploads. But now piracy involving illegal streaming
services as well as file-sharing costs the US economy about $30 billion in lost revenue a year and
some 250,000 jobs, estimates the US Chamber of Commerce’s Global Innovation Policy Center.
The global impact is about $71 billion annually.
“The people who are stealing our movies and our television shows and operating piracy sites
are not mom and pop operations,” says Charlie Rivkin, chief executive officer of the MPA. “This
is organized crime.” Rivkin joined the MPA in 2017 after the organization failed five years earlier
to build consensus between Hollywood and Silicon Valley to win passage of legislation in
Congress aimed at stopping online piracy. In 2017 the association formed the Alliance for
Creativity and Entertainment (ACE), an enforcement task force of about 100 detectives circling
the globe to help local authorities arrest streaming pirates.
ACE says it’s helped shrink the number of illegal streaming services in North America to 126,
from more than 1,400 in 2018, aided in part by the MPA’s support for a 2020 federal law that
made large-scale streaming of copyright material a serious crime.
Consulting firm Parks Associates predicts that legitimate US streaming services’ cumulative
loss from piracy since 2022 will reach $113 billion in the next two years. “While there is some
optimism that emerging countermeasures and best practices may see piracy begin to plateau by
2027, there is no consensus among stakeholders as to when it may begin to decline,” says analyst
Steve Hawley.
7
pastpapers.cn
31. According to Paragraph 1, legitimate streaming services ____
A. have drawn lessons from Hollywood.
B. have surpassed cable in revenue.
C. are unpopular with advertisers.
D. are confronted with a real threat.
32. It can be learned that streamers like Netflix ____
A. played a part in the fight against illegal file-sharing.
B. reaped benefits from the war with digital pirates.
C. promised to become big job creators in the US.
D. used to collaborate with file-uploading platforms.
33. It can be inferred from Paragraph 4 that the MPA ____
A. was denied cooperation by Silicon Valley.
B. led a national protest against online piracy.
C. was urged to form an enforcement task force.
D. failed to win support from local authorities.
34. According to Hawley, digital piracy ____
A. cannot be checked in spite of new legislation.
B. will possibly overwhelm legitimate streamers.
C. is unlikely to diminish in the near future.
D. has been underestimated by some analysts.
35. Which of the following is emphasized in the text?
A. The need to coordinate anti-piracy action.
B. The criminal nature of copyright violation.
C. The prospect of eliminating online piracy.
D. The economic harm from illegal streaming.
8
pastpapers.cn
Text 4
Visit any antiques store and you’ll encounter artifacts from the past: photographs, letters, a
brochure detailing the Sinclair dinosaur exhibit from the 1964-1965 World’s Fair, the ephemera of
history. Yet these objects aren’t truly ephemeral, because they’re still here, decades, even
centuries later. Why? Because they’re tangible.
Have you pondered the life cycle of intangible formats, digital information, given that those
who produce these artifacts seldom make provision for their long-term preservation? For millennia,
we’ve known what we’ve known due to artifacts that have survived, often despite their original
creators’ neglect. The thing itself is the medium that delivers the information. At the time of
creation, no attempts were made at intentional preservation, yet analog materials have a chance of
surviving and serving as the historical record that biographers, historians, and novelists rely on.
Libraries and archives have traditionally shouldered the responsibility of organization, preservation,
and access to information. Thus, librarians digitize the tangible so that researchers the world over
can quickly search and access their holdings. The result is an embarrassment of historical riches,
which brings its own needle-and-haystack problems.
Librarians’ selfless devotion can act against us when users point to universality of access by
holding up a cellphone and saying, “it’s all in here” as evidence that libraries are less vital for
researchers today. Yet how was that universality of access made possible and, perhaps more
importantly, how is it maintained? Who curates what is preserved? When it comes to born-digital
information, the terrifying answer can be: if not librarians and archivists, then no one. Digital
information requires a great deal more care than analog.
Even when a digital object is preserved, it may only be the carrier that’s saved, not the
information itself. As technology advances and a format becomes obsolete, the object is useless.
Have you ever stared helplessly at a ZIP disk, thinking: how do I get the files off this? Without
constant migration of digital assets, a nightmare about the foreseeable future is what keeps
historians up at night: a historical record that abruptly stops when digital replace analog.
As a librarian whose day job revolves around special collections and digital assets, I share the
night terrors of historians, and I’d be lying if I said a comprehensive preservation solution
currently exists. Yet researchers can take some comfort in the fact that there are a multitude of
librarians devoted to discovering, organizing, and preserving digital information for researchers
current and future. Librarians are uniquely positioned to understand how end users seek and use
information. Thus we play an integral role in identifying, preserving, and providing accessibility to
digital artifacts so that, while future researchers may find the digital realm a challenging place to
ply their trade, they won’t find it an impossible one.
9
pastpapers.cn
36. The author mentions the artifacts from the past to ____
A. introduce the collection of antiques.
B. contrast them with everyday items.
C. bring up the issue of preservation.
D. comment on their historical value.
37. Compared with digital objects, tangible artifacts ____
A. are less subject to their creators’ neglect.
B. convey information in a more direct way.
C. require more intentional preservation.
D. are less likely to suffer serious damage.
38. According to Paragraph 3, librarians’ work may result in ____
A. oversupply of materials.
B. undervaluation of libraries.
C. researchers’ underperformance.
D. users’ overreliance on technology.
39. The “ZIP disk” is cited as an example to show ____
A. the hazard of retrieving files through unusual means.
B. the infeasibility of constantly migrating digital assets.
C. the possibility of losing information in obsolete formats.
D. the inconvenience of storing information on analog devices.
40. Which of the following statements best summarizes the text?
A. Hard work should be done to preserve artifacts.
B. Contributions of librarians should be recognized.
C. Accessing databases is essential to researchers.
D. Keeping digital historical records is a challenge.
10
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41-45, you are required to
reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list A-H and filling them
into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs A, C, and H have been correctly placed. Mark your
answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
A. Peters likes to photograph butterflies in a landscape, celebrating the beauty of their
surroundings as well as the insects themselves. His pictures of a Glanville fritillary rising from
the sea-pinks beside the chalk cliffs of Compton Bay on the Isle of Wight are particularly
glorious. These take-off shots are even more challenging because they require a wide-angle
lens, which means he must be less than 2cm from the butterfly. It’s incredibly difficult to get
that close to a skittish sun-warmed insect. Unlike some photographers, who “cheat” by keeping
insects in a fridge to slow them down, Peters refuses to tamper with wild butterflies.
B. Peters’ signature shot is a butterfly “take-off”, showing the multiple wing-beats of one
butterfly in one frame as it lifts off from a flower. How does he capture it? Technology helps.
A typical digital SLR camera shoots 20 frames a second. He uses a high-speed OM System
which shoots 120 frames a second.
C. Britain has relatively few butterfly species compared with mainland Europe and 80% are in
decline, mostly because intensive chemical farming has reduced many species to tiny
fragments of habitat and small nature reserves. Global heating is benefiting some species but
others are too isolated to find suitable new habitat, and gardening habits — paving over
gardens and using pesticides — aren’t helping either. Butterflies may not pollinate as many
plants as wild bees and hoverflies, but because British butterflies are the best-studied group of
insects in the world, they are an extremely useful indicator of the wider declines in flying
insects.
D. Five years ago, at summer’s end, Andrew Fusek Peters was diagnosed with bowel cancer. “I
was waiting for surgery, feeling really ill, sitting in my garden. It was amazing weather and
there were painted lady butterflies everywhere,” he says. “They were a symbol of fragile life,
of hope and defiance, and something appealed to my soul.”
11
pastpapers.cn
E. That makes it sound easy, and artificial, but Peters insists it is still a massive challenge. He
typically takes between 10,000 and 20,000 shots to get one butterfly take-off sequence in focus.
At such high shutter speeds, the depth of field is tiny, and as butterflies do not fly in a straight
line they swiftly flutter out of focus. As well as thousands of attempts, it takes patience and
fieldcraft to anticipate a butterfly’s likely flight-line — and catch it — in focus.
F. So what’s the appeal of a long, sweaty day in pursuit of an elusive, fast-moving wild animal?
“It just feels bloody brilliant,” says Peters. “If I’ve had a full day of good encounters with
butterflies, met interesting butterfly people and I’ve got some good shots, that becomes a vault
in my spiritual bank. It’s a happy feeling.”
G. A children’s author and poet who had become a keen amateur photographer, Peters watched
the butterflies and idly wondered if he could capture them in flight. It swiftly became an
obsession as he recovered from a successful operation to remove the cancer. In recent
summers, he has travelled the length and breadth of Britain to photograph all 58 native species
of butterfly. Now the fruits of those summers have been published in a beautiful new book.
H. A butterfly takes off so quickly it is still impossible to react quickly enough to capture that
take-off but if he half-presses the shutter, the camera saves the 70 previous frames before the
moment he actually takes the picture. “It’s time travel, so I don’t miss the moment of take-off,”
he says. After he’s captured the butterfly taking off, he layers 10 to 15 frames together in
Photoshop.
41. → 42. → C → 43. → H → 44. → A → 45.
12
pastpapers.cn
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Write
your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Innovation and research have relied on public participation in science for centuries. It was a
musician who discovered the planet Uranus in the 18th century by making his own telescope with
mirrors composed of copper and tin. (46) Recent decades have seen science move into a
convention where engagement in the subject can only be done through institutions, such as a
university. Citizen science provides an opportunity for greater public engagement and the
democratisation of science.
In the information era, large data sets, small teams and financial restrictions have slowed
scientific process. (47) But by utilising the natural curiosity of the general public it is possible to
overcome many of these challenges by engaging non-scientists directly in the research process.
Anyone can be a citizen scientist, regardless of age, nationality or academic experience. You don’t
even need any formal training, just an inquisitive mind and the enthusiasm to join one of the
thousands of citizen science projects to generate new knowledge and the means to understand a
genuine scientific outcome.
(48) Scientists have employed a variety of ways to engage the general public in their research,
such as making data analysis into an online game or sample collection into a smartphone
application. They’ve implored citizens to help with bug counting and categorising cancer cells,
and even identifying distant galaxies.
This form of accessible science means that great minds are able to join the race to create and
develop projects with the potential to change the world. A citizen science-based approach can
extend the field of vision and include different ideas and different brains to problem-solve and
create, making innovation faster and more effective.
The rise of citizen science has grown alongside the rise of do-it-yourself biology laboratories
around the world. (49) These groups of people are part of a rapidly expanding biotechnological
social movement of citizen scientists and professional scientists seeking to take discovery out of
institutions and put it into the hands of anyone with the enthusiasm.
There are around 40 official do-it-yourself biology centres across the globe in locations
including Paris, London, Sydney, and Tel Aviv. (50) They pool resources, collaborate, think
outside the box, and find solutions and ways around obstacles to explore science for the sake of
science without the traditional boundaries of working inside a formal setting. So is it time to take
the Petri dish out of the laboratory and into the garage?
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
Part A
51. Directions:
Read the following email from your classmate Paul and write him a reply.
Dear Li Ming,
I was really excited to hear that you’d invite some young craftsmen to demonstrate
their innovative craft-making on campus. May I know more about what they’ll Show?
Also, I’d like to help with your preparation work. Please let me know what I can do.
Yours,
Paul
Write your answer in about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not use your own name in your email; use “Li Ming” instead. (10 points)
Part B
52. Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 based on the following table. In your essay, you should
1) describe the table briefly,
2) explain its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
年份 空调（台） 洗衣机（台） 电冰箱（台）
2014 75.2 83.7 85.5
2017 96.1 91.7 95.3
2020 117.7 96.7 101.8
2023 145.9 98.2 103.4
近年来全国居民平均每百户年末主要耐用消费品拥有量
14
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2025年 英语二 (来源: 2025-2.pdf)
2025 年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（二）
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C
or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
There are many understandable reasons why you might find it difficult to ask for help
when you need it. Psychologists have been interested in this 1 for decades, not least
because people’s widespread 2 to ask for help has led to some high-profile failures.
Asking for help takes 3 . It involves communicating a need on your part — there’s
something you can’t do. 4 , you’re broadcasting your own weakness, which can be 5 .
You might have 6 about losing control of whatever it is you are asking for help
with. 7 someone starts to help, perhaps they will take over, or get a credit for your early
efforts. Yet another 8 that you might be worried about is being a nuisance or 9 the
person you go to for help.
If you struggle with low self-esteem, you might find it especially difficult to 10 for
help because you have the added worry of the other person 11 your request. You might
see such refusals as implying something 12 about the status of your relationship
with them. To 13 these difficulties, try to remind yourself that everyone needs help
sometimes. Nobody knows everything and can do everything all by themselves. And while you
might 14 coming across as incompetent, there’s actually research that shows that advice-
seekers are 15 as more competent, not less.
Perhaps most encouraging of all is a paper from 2022 by researchers at Stanford
University, in California, that involved a mix of contrived help-seeking interactions and asking
people to 16 times they’d sought help in the past. The findings showed that help-seekers
generally underestimate how 17 other people will be to help and how good it will make
the help-giver feel (for most people, having the chance to help someone is highly 18 ).
So bear all this in mind the next time you need to ask for help. 19 , take care over
who you ask and when you ask them. And if someone can’t help right now, avoid taking it
personally. They might just be too 20 , or they might not feel confident about their ability
to help.
1
pastpapers.cn
1. A. illusion B. discussion C. tradition D. question
2. A. reluctance B. ambition C. tendency D. enthusiasm
3. A. attention B. talent C. courage D. patience
4. A. At any time B. In other words C. By all means D. On the contrary
5. A. unrealistic B. deceptive C. tiresome D. uncomfortable
6. A. doubts B. concerns C. suggestions D. secrets
7. A. Once B. Unless C. Although D. Before
8. A. theory B. choice C. factor D. context
9. A. overpraising B. outperforming C. reassessing D. inconveniencing
10. A. reach out B. settle down C. turn over D. look back
11. A. declining B. considering C. criticizing D. evaluating
12. A. unnecessary B. negative C. strange D. impractical
13. A. explain B. identify C. predict D. overcome
14. A. deny B. forget C. miss D. fear
15. A. disguised B. perceived C. followed D. introduced
16. A. recall B. classify C. analyse D. compare
17. A. brave B. disapproving C. willing D. hesitant
18. A. relaxing B. surprising C. rewarding D. demanding
19. A. Thus B. Also C. Finally D. Instead
20. A. polite B. proud C. busy D. lazy
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D.
Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
2
pastpapers.cn
Text 1
U.S. customers historically tipped people they assumed were earning most of their income
via tips, such as restaurant servers earning less than the minimum wage. In the early 2010s, a
wide range of businesses started processing purchases with iPads and other digital payment
systems. These systems often prompted customers to tip for services that were not previously
tipped.
Today’s tip requests are often not connected to the salary and service norms that used to
determine when and how people tip. Customers in the past nearly always paid tips after
receiving a service, such as at the conclusion of a restaurant meal, after getting a haircut or
once a pizza was delivered. That timing could reward high-quality service and give workers an
incentive to provide it.
It’s becoming more common for tips to be requested beforehand. And new tipping
technology may even automatically add tips.
The prevalence of digital payment devices has made it easier to ask customers for a tip.
That helps explain why tip requests are creeping into new kinds of services. Customers now
routinely see menus of suggested default options — often well above 20% of what they owe.
The amounts have risen from 10% or less in the 1950s to 15% around the year 2000 to 20% or
higher today. This increase is sometimes called tipflation — the expectation of ever-higher tip
amounts.
Tipping has always been a vital source of income for workers in historically tipped
services, like restaurants, where the tipped minimum wage can be as low as US $2.13 an hour.
Tip creep and tipflation are now further supplementing the income of many low-wage service
workers.
Notably, tipping primarily benefits some of these workers, such as waiters, but not others,
such as cooks and dishwashers. To ensure that all employees were paid fair wages, some
restaurants banned tipping and increased prices, but this movement towards no-tipping services
has largely fizzled out.
So to increase employee wages without raising prices, more employers are succumbing to
temptations of tip creep and tipflation. However, many customers are frustrated because they
feel they are being asked for too high of a tip too often. And, as our research emphasizes,
tipping now seems to be more coercive, less generous, and often completely dissociated from
service quality.
3
pastpapers.cn
21. According to Paragraph 1, the practice of tipping in the U.S. ____
A. was regarded as a sign of generosity.
B. was considered essential for waiters.
C. was a way of rewarding diligence.
D. was optional in most businesses.
22. Compared with tips in the past, today’s tips ____
A. are paid much less frequently.
B. are less often requested in advance.
C. have less to do with service quality.
D. contribute less to workers’ income.
23. Tip requests are creeping into new kinds of services as a result of ____
A. the advancement of technology.
B. the desire for income increase.
C. the diversification of business.
D. the emergence of tipflation.
24. The movement toward no-tipping services was intended to ____
A. promote consumption.
B. enrich income sources.
C. maintain reasonable prices.
D. guarantee income fairness.
25. It can be learned from the last paragraph that tipping ____
A. is becoming a burden for customers.
B. helps encourage quality service.
C. is vital to business development.
D. reflects the need to reduce prices.
4
pastpapers.cn
Text 2
When it was established, the National Health Service (NHS) was visionary: offering high-
quality, timely care to meet the dominant needs of the population it served. Nearly 75 years on,
with the UK facing very different health challenges, it is clear that the model is out of date.
From life expectancy to cancer and infant mortality rates, we are lagging behind many of
our peers. With more than 6.8 million on waitlists, healthcare is becoming increasingly
inaccessible for those who cannot opt to pay for private treatment; and the cost of providing
healthcare is increasingly squeezing our investment in other public services. As demand for
healthcare continues to grow, pressures on the workforce — which is already near breaking
point — will only become more acute.
Many of the answers to the crisis in health and care are well rehearsed. We need to be
much better at reducing and diverting demand on health services, rather than simply managing
it. Much more needs to be invested in communities and primary care to reduce our reliance on
hospitals. And capacity in social care needs to be greater, to support the growing number of
people living with long-term conditions.
Yet despite two decades of strategies and a number of major health reforms, we have
failed to make meaningful progress on any of these aims. That is why the Reform think tank is
launching a new programme of work entitled “Reimagining health”, supported by ten former
health ministers. Together, we are calling for a much more open and honest conversation about
the future of health in the UK, and an “urgent rethink” of the hospital-centric model we retain.
This must begin with the question of how we maximise the health of the nation, rather
than “fix” the NHS. It is estimated, for example, that healthcare accounts for only about 20%
of health outcomes. Much more important are the places we live, work and socialise — yet
there is no clear cross-government strategy for improving these social determinants of health.
Worse, when policies like the national obesity strategy are scrapped, taxpayers are left with the
hefty price tag of treating the illnesses, like diabetes, that result.
Reform wants to ask how power and resources should be distributed in our health system.
What health functions should remain at the centre, and what should be given to local leaders,
often responsible for services that create health, and with a much better understanding of the
needs of their populations?
5
pastpapers.cn
26. According to the first two paragraphs, the NHS ____
A. is troubled by funding deficiencies.
B. can hardly satisfy people’s needs.
C. can barely retain its current employees.
D. is rivalled by private medical services.
27. One answer to the crisis in health and care is to ____
A. boost the efficiency of hospitals.
B. lighten the burden on social care.
C. increase resources for primary care.
D. reduce the pressure on communities.
28. “Reimagining health” is aimed to ____
A. reinforce hospital management.
B. readjust healthcare regulations.
C. restructure the health system.
D. resume suspended health reforms.
29. To maximise the nation’s health, the author suggests ____
A. introducing relevant taxation policies.
B. paying due attention to social factors.
C. reevaluating major health outcomes.
D. enhancing the quality of healthcare.
30. It can be inferred that local leaders should ____
A. exercise their power more reasonably.
B. develop a stronger sense of responsibility.
C. play a bigger role in the health system.
D. understand people’s health needs better.
6
pastpapers.cn
Text 3
Heat action plans, or HAPs, have been proliferating in India in the past few years. In
general, an HAP spells out when and how officials should issue heat warnings and alert
hospitals and other institutions. Nagpur’s plan, for instance, calls for hospitals to set aside
“cold wards” in the summer for treating heatstroke patients, and advises builders to give
construction laborers a break from work on very hot days.
But implementation of existing HAPs has been uneven, according to a report from the
center for Policy Research. Many lack adequate funding, it found. And their triggering
thresholds often are not customized to the local climate. In some areas, high daytime
temperatures alone might serve as an adequate trigger for alerts. But in other places, nighttime
temperatures or humidity might be as important a gauge of risk as daytime highs.
Mumbai’s April heat stroke deaths highlighted the need for more nuanced and localized
warnings, researchers say. That day’s high temperature of roughly 36°C was 1°C shy of the
heat wave alert threshold for coastal cities set by national meteorological authorities. But the
effects of the heat were amplified by humidity — an often neglected factor in heat alert
systems — and the lack of shade at the late-morning outdoor ceremony.
To help improve HAPs, urban planner Kotharkar’s team is working on a model plan that
outlines best practices and could be adapted to local conditions. Among other things, she says,
all cities should create a vulnerability map to help focus responses on the populations most at
risk.
Such mapping doesn’t need to be complex, Kotharkar says. “A useful map can be created
by looking at even a few key parameters.” For example, neighborhoods with a large elderly
population or informal dwellings that cope poorly with heat could get special warnings or be
bolstered with cooling centers. The Nagpur project has already created a risk and vulnerability
map, which enabled Kotharkar to tell officials which neighborhoods to focus on in the event of
a heat wave this summer.
HAPs shouldn’t just include short-term emergency responses, researchers say, but also
recommend medium- to long-term measures that could make communities cooler. In Nagpur,
for example, Kotharkar’s team has been able to advise city officials about where to plant trees
to provide shade. HAPs could also guide efforts to retrofit homes or modify building
regulations. “Reducing deaths in an emergency is a good target to have, but it’s the lowest
target,” says Climate researcher Chandni Singh.
7
pastpapers.cn
31. According to Paragraph 1, Nagpur’s plan proposes measures to ____
A. tackle extreme weather.
B. ensure construction quality.
C. monitor emergency warnings.
D. address excessive workloads.
32. One problem with existing HAPs is that they ____
A. prove too costly to be implemented.
B. lack localized alert-issuing criteria.
C. give delayed responses to heat waves.
D. keep hospitals under great pressure.
33. Mumbai’s case shows that India’s heat alert systems need to ____
A. include other factors besides temperature.
B. take subtle weather changes into account.
C. prioritize potentially disastrous heat waves.
D. draw further support from local authorities.
34. Kotharkar holds that a vulnerability map can help ____
A. prevent the harm of high humidity.
B. target areas needing special attention.
C. expand the Nagpur project’s coverage.
D. make relief plans for heat-stricken people.
35. According to the last paragraph, researchers believe that HAPs should ____
A. focus more on heatstroke treatment.
B. invite wider public participation.
C. apply for more government grants.
D. serve a broader range of purposes.
8
pastpapers.cn
Text 4
Navigating beyond the organised pavements and parks of our urban spaces, desire paths
are the unofficial footprints of a community, revealing the unspoken preferences, shared
shortcuts and collective choices of humans. Often appearing as trodden dirt tracks through
otherwise neat green spaces, these routes of collective disobedience cut corners, bisect lawns
and cross hills, representing the natural capability of people (and animals) to go from point A
to point B most effectively.
Urban planners interpret desire paths as more than just convenient shortcuts; they offer
valuable insights into the dynamics between planning and behaviour. Ohio State University
allowed its students to navigate the Oval, a lawn in the centre of campus, freely, then
proceeded to pave the desire paths, creating a web of effective routes students had established.
Yet, reluctance persists among other planners to integrate desire paths into formal plans,
citing concerns about safety, environmental impact, or primarily, aesthetics. A Reddit webpage
devoted to the phenomenon, boasting nearly 50,000 members, showcases images of local
desire paths adorned with signs instructing pedestrians to adhere to designated walkways,
underscoring the rebellious nature inherent in these human-made tracks. This clash highlights
an ongoing struggle between the organic, user-driven evolution of public spaces and the desire
for a visually curated and controlled urban environment.
The Wickquasgeck Trail is an example of a historical desire path, created by Native
Americans to cross the forests of Manhattan and move between settlements quickly. This trail,
when Dutch colonists arrived, was widened and made into one of the main trade roads across
the island, known at the time as de Heere Straat, or Gentlemen’s Street. Following the British
assumption of control in New York, the street was renamed Broadway. Notably, Broadway
stands out as one of the few areas in NYC that defies the grid-based system applied to the rest
of the city, cutting a diagonal across parts of the city.
In online spaces, desire paths have sparked a fascination that can approach obsession,
with the Reddit page serving as a hub. Contributors offer a wide array of stories, from little-
known new shortcuts to long-established alternate routes.
Animal desire paths, such as ducks forging trails through frozen ponds or dogs carving
direct routes in gardens, highlight the adaptability of these trails in both human and animal
experiences. As desire paths criss-cross through both physical and virtual landscapes, they
stand as a proof of the collective insistence on forging unconventional routes and embracing
the spirit of communal choice.
9
pastpapers.cn
36. According to Paragraph 1, desire paths are a result of ____
A. the curiosity to explore surrounding hills.
B. the necessity to preserve green spaces.
C. the tendency to pursue convenience.
D. the wish to find comfort in solitude.
37. It can be inferred that Ohio State University ____
A. intends to improve its desire paths.
B. leads in the research on desire paths.
C. guides the creation of its desire paths.
D. takes a positive view of desire paths.
38. The images on the Reddit webpage reflect ____
A. conflicting opinions on the use of desire paths.
B. the call to upgrade the designing of public spaces.
C. the demand for proper planning of desire paths.
D. growing concerns over the loss of public spaces.
39. The example of the Wickguasgeck Trail illustrates ____
A. the growth of New York City.
B. the Dutch origin of desire paths.
C. the importance of urban planning.
D. the recognition of desire paths.
40. It can be learned from the last paragraph that desire paths ____
A. reveal humans’ deep respect for nature.
B. are crucial to humans’ mental wellbeing.
C. are a human imitation of animal behavior.
D. show a shared trait in humans and animals.
10
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable subheading
from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There are two extra
subheadings which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
A. Stay positive
B. Respect the past
C. Use channels
D. Give it time
E. Invite resistance
F. Be a salesman
G. Be humble
Five Steps to Suggesting a Change at Work That’ll Actually Get Taken Seriously
Everyone wants to be that person — the one who looks at the same information as
everyone else, but who sees a fresh, innovative solution. However, it takes more than simply
having a good idea. How you share it is as important as the suggestion itself.
Why? Because writing a new script — literally or figuratively — means that other team
members will have to adapt to something new. So whether you’re suggesting a (seemingly)
benign change like streamlining outdated protocol, or a bigger change like adding an hour to
each workday so people can leave early on Fridays, you’re asking others to reimagine their
workflow or schedule. Not to mention, if the process you’re scrapping is one someone else
suggested, there’s the possibility of hurt feelings.
To gain buy-in on an innovative, new idea, follow these steps:
41. _________________________
Great ideas don’t stand alone. In other words, you can’t mention your suggestion once
and expect it to be adopted. To see a change, you’ll need to champion your plan and sell its
merits. In addition, you need to be willing to stand up to scrutiny and criticism and be prepared
to explain your innovation in different ways for various audiences.
11
pastpapers.cn
42. _________________________
Sometimes it makes sense to go to your boss first. But other times, it’s useful to build a
coalition among your co-workers or other stakeholders. When it works, it works great —
because you’re ready for your stubborn supervisor’s pushback with answers like, “Actually, I
connected with a few people in our tech department to discuss how much time these kinds of
website updates would take, and they suggested they have the bandwidth.”
43. _________________________
One of the biggest barriers to gaining buy-in occurs when the owner of an idea is viewed
as argumentative, defensive, or close-minded. Because, let’s be honest: No one likes a know-it-
all. So, if people disagree with you, don’t be indignant. Instead, listen to their concerns fully,
try to understand their perspective, and include their concerns (and possible remedies) in future
discussions.
So, instead of saying, “Martha, our current slogan is confusing and should be updated,”
you could try, “Martha raises a great point that our current slogan has a long history for our
stakeholders, but I wonder if we might be able to brainstorm a tagline that could build on that
— and be clearer for new customers.”
44. _________________________
New ideas are the grandchildren of old ones. In other words, don’t throw old solutions
under the bus to make your improvement stand out. Remember that in light of whatever the
problem the old system solved — or, maybe, has failed to solve in recent memory — it was a
great idea at the time. Appreciating the older contributions as you suggest future innovations
helps bolster the credibility of your idea.
45. _________________________
When pitching a new idea, it’s important to use the language of abundance instead of the
language of deficit. Instead of saying what is wrong, broken, or suboptimal, talk about what is
right, fixable, or ideal. For example, try, “I can see lots of applications for this new approach”
rather than, “This innovation is the only way.” Be optimistic but realistic, and you will stand
out.
12
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46. Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER SHEET. (15
points)
You know the moment — the conversation slows, then there’s a pause. It’s awkward, and
so awkward that some people will panic and say anything. Do we all find such silences so
stressful?
Researchers analysed the frequency and impact of gaps greater than 2 seconds during
conversations, including an overview of previous studies which indicate that the fear of
awkward silences can be so extreme that people avoid talking to strangers, even though doing
so is likely to be an enjoyable experience.
During conversations with short gaps, people feel more connected to their conversation
partners. But such feelings of connection markedly dip when entering a long gap. Long gaps
between strangers are likely to be followed by a change in topic.
But the opposite seems to be true for conversations between friends. Long gaps there saw
increased connection. Between friends, longer gaps seem to provide natural moments for
reflection and expression.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section IV Writing
Part A
47. Directions:
Suppose you are planning a short play based on a classic Chinese novel. Write your friend
John an email to:
1) introduce the play, and
2) invite him to take part in it.
Write your answer in about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not use your own name in your email. Use “Li Ming” instead. (10 points)
Part B
48. Directions:
Write an essay based on the chart below. In your essay, you should
1) describe and interpret the chart, and
2) give your comments.
Write your answer in about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET. (15 points)
某社区老年人主要日常休闲活动调查
90.80%
68.30%
34.70%
31.80%
18.40%
看电视 散步 养花 阅读 下棋
14
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2024年 英语一 (来源: 2024-1.pdf)
2024年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）试题
SectionI Useof English
Directions:
Read thefollowingtext.Choose thebestword(s) for eachnumbered blank andmark A, B,
Cor DontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
There’s nothing more welcoming than a door opening for you. 1 the need
to be touched to open or close, automatic doors are essential in 2 disabled
accesstobuildingsandhelpingprovidegeneral 3 tocommercialbuildings.
Self-sliding doors began to emerge as a commercial product in 1960 after being
invented six years 4 by Americans Dee Horton and Lew Hewitt. They 5
as a novelty feature, but as their use has grown, their 6 have extended within
our technologically advanced world. Particularly 7 in busy locations or during
timesofemergency, the doors 8 crowd management by reducing the obstacles
put in peoples’way.
9 making access both in and out of buildings easier for people, the
difference in the way many of these doors open helps reduce the total area 10 by
them. Automatic doors often open to the side, with the panels sliding across one another.
Replacingswing doors,these 11 smallerbuildings tomaximisetheusablespace
inside without having to 12 the way for a large, sticking-out door. There are
many different types of automatic door, with each 13 specific signals to tell
them when to open. 14 these methods differ, the main 15 remain
thesame.
Each automatic door system 16 the light, sound, weight or movement in
their vicinity as a signal to open. Sensor types are chosen to 17 the different
environments they are needed in. 18 , a busy street might not 19 a
motion-sensored door, as it would constantly be opening for passers-by. A
pressure-sensitivematwouldbemore 20 tolimitthesurveyedarea.
pastpapers.cn
1.【A】Through 【B】Despite 【C】Besides 【D】Without
2.【A】revealing 【B】demanding 【C】improving 【D】tracing
3.【A】experience 【B】convenience 【C】guidance 【D】reference
4.【A】previously 【B】temporarily 【C】successively 【D】eventually
5.【A】heldon 【B】startedout 【C】settleddown 【D】wentby
6.【A】relations 【B】volumes 【C】benefits 【D】sources
7.【A】useful 【B】simple 【C】flexible 【D】stable
8.【A】callfor 【B】yieldto 【C】insiston 【D】actas
9.【A】Aswellas 【B】In termsof 【C】Thanksto 【D】Ratherthan
10.【A】connected 【B】shared 【C】represented 【D】occupied
11.【A】allow 【B】expect 【C】require 【D】direct
12.【A】adopt 【B】lead 【C】clear 【D】change
13.【A】adaptingto 【B】derivingfrom 【C】relyingon 【D】pointingat
14.【A】Once 【B】Since 【C】Unless 【D】Although
15.【A】records 【B】positions 【C】principles 【D】reasons
16.【A】controls 【B】analyses 【C】produces 【D】mixes
17.【A】decorate 【B】compare 【C】protect 【D】complement
18.【A】In conclusion【B】Bycontrast 【C】Forexample 【D】Aboveall
19.【A】identify 【B】suit 【C】secure 【D】include
20.【A】appropriate 【B】obvious 【C】impressive 【D】delicate
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C
orD.Markyour answersontheANSWER SHEET.(40points)
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Nearly 2,000 years ago, as the Romans began to pull out of Scotland, they left
behind a curious treasure: 10 tons of nails, nearly a million of the things. The nail hoard
wasdiscoveredin1960inafour-metre-deeppitcoveredbytwometresofgravel.
Why had the Romans buried a million nails? The likely explanation is that the
withdrawal was rushed, and they didn’t want the local Caledonians getting their hands on
10 tons of weapon-grade iron. The Romans buried the nails so deep that they would not
bediscoveredfor almosttwomillennia.
Later civilisations would value the skilled blacksmith’s labour in a nail even more
than the raw material. As Roma Agrawal explains in her new delightful book Nuts and
Bolts, early 17th-century Virginians would sometimes bum down their homes if they
were planning to relocate. This was an attempt to recover the valuable nails, which
could be reused after sifting the ashes. Theideathat one might bum down an entire house
just to reclaim the nails underlines how scarce, costly and valuable the
simple-seemingtechnology was.
The price of nails fell by 90% between the late 1700s and mid-1900s, as economist
Daniel Sichel points out in a research paper. According to Sichel, although the falling
price of nails was driven partly by cheaper iron and cheaper energy, most of the credit
goestonailmanufacturerswho simplyfoundmoreefficientwaystoturnsteelintonails.
Nails themselves have changed over the years, but Sichel studied them because
they haven’t changed much. Roman lamps and Roman chariots are very different from
LED strips and sports cars, but Roman nails are still clearly nails. It would be absurd to
try to track the changing price of sports cars since 1695, but to ask the same question of
nailsmakesperfectsense.
I make no apology for being obsessed by a particular feature of these objects: their
price.Iamaneconomist,afterall.Afterwritingtwobooksaboutthehistoryofinventions,
one thing I’ve learnt isthat whileit isthe enchantingly sophisticated technologies that get
allthehype, it’sthecheaptechnologiesthatchange theworld.
The Gutenberg printing press transformed civilisation not by changing the nature of
writing but by changing its cost—and it would have achieved little without a parallel
collapse in the price of surfaces to write on, thanks to an often-overlooked technology
called paper. Solar panels had few niche uses until they became cheap; now they are
transformingtheglobalenergy system.
pastpapers.cn
21.TheRomansburiedthenailsprobablyfor thesakeof
【A】savingthemfor futureuse.
【B】keepingthemfromrusting.
【C】lettingthemgrow invalue.
【D】hidingthemfromthelocals.
22.Theexampleofearly17th-centuryVirginiansisusedto
【A】highlightthethriftinessofearlyAmericancolonists.
【B】illustratethehighstatusofblacksmithsinthatperiod.
【C】contrasttheattitudesofdifferentcivilisationstowardsnails.
【D】showthepreciousnessofnail-makingtechnologyatthattime.
23.Whatplayed themajorroleinloweringthepriceofnailsafterthelate1700s?
【A】Increasedproductivity.
【B】Wideruseofnewenergies.
【C】Fiercermarketcompetition.
【D】Reducedcostofrawmaterials.
24.Itcanbelearnedfrom Paragraph5thatnails
【A】haveundergonemanytechnologicalimprovements.
【B】haveremainedbasicallythesamesinceRomantimes.
【C】arelessstudiedthanothereverydayproducts.
【D】areoneof theworld’smostsignificantinventions.
25.Whichofthefollowingbestsummarisesthelasttwoparagraphs?
【A】Cheaptechnologiesbringaboutrevolutionarychange.
【B】Technologicalinnovationisintegraltoeconomicsuccess.
【C】Technology definespeople’sunderstandingoftheworld.
【D】Sophisticatedtechnologiesdevelopfrom smallinventions.
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Parenting tips obtained from hunter-gatherers in Africa may be the key to bringing
up more contented children, researchers have suggested. The idea is based on studies of
communitiessuch astheKung ofBotswana, whereeachchildiscaredforbymanyadults.
Kung children as young as four will help to look after younger ones and
“baby-wearing”,inwhichinfantsarecarriedinslings, isconsideredthenorm.
According to Dr Nikhil Chaudhary, an evolutionary anthropologist at Cambridge
University, thesepractices, known asalloparenting, could lead to lessanxiety for children
andparents.
Dr Annie Swanepoel, a child psychiatrist, believes that there are ways to
incorporate them into western life. In Germany, one scheme has paired an old people’s
home with a nursery. The residents help to look after the children, an arrangement akin
to alloparenting. Another measure could be encouraging friendships between children in
different school years, to mirror the unsupervised mixed-age playgroups in
hunter-gatherer communities.
In a paper published in the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry,
researchers said that the western nuclear family was a recent invention which broke
with evolutionary history. This abrupt shift to an “intensive mothering narrative”, which
suggests that mothers should manage childcare alone, was likely to have been harmful.
“Such narratives can lead to maternal exhaustion and have dangerous consequences,”
they wrote.
By contrast, in hunter-gatherer societies adults other than the parents can provide
almost half of a child’s care. One previous study looked at the Efé people of the
Democratic Republic of Congo. It found that infants had an average of 14 alloparents a
day by the time they were 18 weeks old, and were passed between caregivers eight times
anhour.
Chaudhary said that parents now have less childcare support from family and social
networks than during most of humans’ evolutionary history, but introducing additional
caregivers could reduce stress and maternal depression, which could have a “knock-on”
benefit to a child’s wellbeing. An infant born to a hunter-gatherer society could have
more than ten caregivers-this contrasts starkly to nursery settings in the UK where
regulationscallforaratioofonecarertofourchildrenagedtwotothree.
While hunter-gatherer children learnt from observation and imitation in mixed-age
playgroups, researcherssaidthatwestern“instructive teaching”,wherepupilsareaskedto
sit still, may contribute to conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Chaudhary said that Britain should explore the possibility that older siblings helping their
parents“mightalsoenhancetheirownsocialdevelopment.”
pastpapers.cn
26.Accordingtothefirsttwoparagraphs, alloparentingreferstothepracticeof
【A】sharingchildcareamongcommunitymembers.
【B】assigningbabiestospecificadultcaregivers.
【C】teachingparenting skillstoolderchildren.
【D】carryinginfantsaroundbytheirparents.
27.TheschemeinGermanyismentionedtoillustrate
【A】anattempttofacilitateintergenerationalcommunication.
【B】anapproachtointegratingalloparentingintowesternsociety.
【C】theconventionalparentingstyleinwesternculture.
【D】thedifferencesbetweenwesternandAfricanwaysofliving.
28.AccordingtoParagraph4,the“intensivemotheringnarrative”
【A】alleviatesparentingpressure.
【B】consolidatesfamilyrelationships.
【C】resultsinthechild-centeredfamily.
【D】departsfromthecourseofevolution.
29.AccordingtoParagraph6,whatcanwelearnaboutthenurseriesintheUK?
【A】Theytendtofallshortofofficialrequirements.
【B】Theyhavedifficultyfindingenoughcaregivers.
【C】Theyoughttoimprovetheircarer-to-childratio.
【D】Theyshouldtrytopreventparentaldepression.
30.Whichofthefollowingwouldbethebesttitleforthetext?
【A】Instructiveteaching:adilemmafor anxiousparents
【B】Forahappierfamily,learnfrom thehunter-gatherers
【C】Mixed-ageplaygroup, abetterchoicefor lonelychildren
【D】Tracingthehistoryofparenting:fromAfricatoEurope
pastpapers.cn
Text3
A Polish digital artist who uses classical painting styles to create dreamy fantasy
landscapes, Greg Rutkowski has made illustrations for games such as Dungeons &
Dragons and Magic: The Gathering. And he’s become a sudden hit in the new world of
text-to-imageAIgeneration.
His distinctive style is now one of the most commonly used prompts in the new
open-source AI art generator Stable Diffusion.The tool, along with other popular
image-generation AI models, allows anyone to create impressive images based on text
prompts. For example, type in “Wizard with sword and a glowing orb of magic fire fights
a fierce dragon Greg Rutkowski,” and the system will produce something that looks not a
millionmilesawayfrom worksinRutkowski’sstyle.
Buttheseopen-source programsarebuiltby scraping imagesfrom theinternet, often
without permission and proper attribution to artists. As a result, they are raising tricky
questionsaboutethicsandcopyright.And artistslikeRutkowskihavehadenough.
According to the website Lexica, which tracks over 10 million images and prompts
generated by Stable Diffusion, Rutkowski’s name has been used as a prompt around
93,000 times. Rutkowski was initially surprised but thought it might be a good way to
reachnewaudiences. Thenhetriedsearchingforhisnametoseeifapiecehehadworked
on had been published. The online search brought back work that had his name attached
toitbutwasn’this.
“It’s been just a month.What about in a year? I probably won’t be able to find my
work out there because the internet will be flooded with AI art,” Rutkowski says.
“That’s concerning.”
Other artists besides Rutkowski have been surprised by the apparent popularity of
their work in text-to-image generators—and some are now fighting back. Karla Ortiz, an
illustrator based in San Francisco who found her work in Stable Diffusion’s data set, has
beenraisingawarenessabouttheissuesaroundAIartandcopyright.
Artists say they risk losing income as people start using AI-generated images based
on copyrighted material for commercial purposes. But it’s also a lot more personal, Ortiz
says, arguing that because art is so closely linked to a person, it could raise data
protectionandprivacyproblems.
“There is a coalition growing within artist industries to figure out how to tackle or
mitigate this,” says Ortiz. The group is in its early days of mobilization, which could
involve pushing for newpoliciesor regulation. One suggestionisthat AImodelscould be
trained on images in the public domain, and AI companies could forge partnerships with
museumsandartists,Ortizsays.
pastpapers.cn
31.WhatcanbelearnedaboutRutkowskifromthefirsttwoparagraphs?
【A】HeisenthusiasticaboutusingAImodels.
【B】HeispopularwiththeusersofanAIartgenerator.
【C】Heattractsadmirationfromotherillustrators.
【D】Hespecializesinclassicalpaintingdigitalization.
32.Theproblemwithopen-sourceAI artgeneratorsisthatthey
【A】lackflexibilityinrespondingtoprompts.
【B】produceartworksinunpredictablestyles.
【C】makeunauthorizeduseofonlineimages.
【D】collectuserinformationwithoutconsent.
33.Aftersearchingonline,Rutkowskifound
【A】auniquewaytoreachaudiences.
【B】anewmethodtoidentifyAIimages.
【C】Ai-generatedworkbearinghisname.
【D】heateddisputesregardinghiscopyright.
34.AccordingtoOrtiz,AIcompaniesareadvisedto
【A】campaignfor newpoliciesorregulation.
【B】offertheirservicestopublicinstitutions.
【C】strengthentheirrelationshipswithAIusers.
【D】adoptadifferentstrategyfor AImodeltraining.
35.Whatisthetextmainlyabout?
【A】Artists’responsestoAIartgeneration.
【B】Al’sexpandedroleinartisticcreation.
【C】PrivacyissuesintheapplicationofAI.
【D】OpposingviewsonAIdevelopment.
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Themiracle of the Chesapeake Bay liesnot in its depths, but in the complexity of its
natural construction, the interaction of fresh and saline waters, and the mix of land and
water. The shallows provide homes for hundreds of species while storing floodwaters,
filtering pollutants from water, and protecting nearby communities from potentially
destructivestormsurges.
All this was put at great risk late last month, when the U.S. Supreme Court issued a
ruling in an Idaho case that provides the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
far lessauthority toregulatewetlandsandwaterways. Specifically, a5-4majoritydecided
that wetlands protected by the EPA under its Clean Water Act authority must have a
“continuous surface connection” to bodies of water. This narrowing of the regulatory
scope wasa victory for builders, mining operators and other commercial interests often at
odds with environmental rules. And it carries “significant repercussions for water quality
andfloodcontrolthroughouttheUnitedStates,”asJusticeBrettKavanaugh observed.
In Maryland, the good news is that there are many state laws in place that provide
wetlands protections. But that’s a very shortsighted view, particularly when it comes to
the Chesapeake Bay. The reality is that water, and the pollutants that so often come with
it, don’t respect state boundaries. The Chesapeake draws from a 64,000-square-mile
watershed that extends into Virginia, Pennsylvania, New York, West Virginia, the
District of Columbia and Delaware. Will those jurisdictions extend the same protections
nowdeniedunderSackettv. EPA?Perhapssome,butall?Thatseemsunlikely.
It is too easy, and misleading, to see such court rulings as merely standing up for
the rights of land owners when the consequences can be so dire for their neighbors. And
it’s a reminder that the EPA’s involvement in the Chesapeake Bay Program has long
been crucial as the means to transcend the influence of deep-pocketed special interests
in neighboring states. Pennsylvania farmers, to use one telling example, aren’t thinking
about next year’s blue crab harvest in Maryland when they decide whether to spread
animal waste on their fields, yet the runoff into nearby creeks can have enormous
impact downstream.
And so we would call on state lawmakers from Richmond to Albany to consider
reviewing their own wetlands protections and see for themselves the enormous stakes
involved. Wecanoffer themavisit toBlackwaterNationalWildlife RefugeinDorchester
County where bald eagles fly over tidal marshes so shallow you could not paddle a boat
acrossthembutteamingwithaquaticlife.It’sworththescenicdrive.
pastpapers.cn
36.TheChesapeakeBayisdescribedinParagraph1as
【A】avaluablenaturalenvironment.
【B】acontroversialconservationarea.
【C】aplacewithcommercialpotential.
【D】aheadachefor nearbycommunities.
37.TheU.S.SupremeCourt’srulingintheIdaho case
【A】reinforceswaterpollutioncontrol.
【B】 weakenstheEPA’sregulatorypower.
【C】willendconflictsamonglocalresidents.
【D】mayfaceoppositionfrom miningoperators.
38.HowdoestheauthorfeelaboutfutureoftheChesapeakeBay?
【A】Worried.
【B】Puzzled.
【C】Relieved.
【D】Encouraged.
39.WhatcanbeinferredabouttheEPA’sinvolvementintheChesapeakeBayProgram?
【A】Ithasrestoredthebalanceamongneighboringjurisdictions.
【B】It hastriggeredaradicalreformincommercialfisheries.
【C】It hassetafineexampleofrespectingstateauthorities.
【D】Ithasensuredthecoordinationofprotectionefforts.
40.Theauthorholdsthatthestatelawmakersshould
【A】becautiousabouttheinfluenceoflandowners.
【B】attachdueimportancetowetlandsprotections.
【C】recognizetheneedtoexpandwildliferefuges.
【D】improvethewellbeingofendangeredspecies.
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
Read the following comments on a report about American museums returning artifacts to
their countries of origin and a list of statements summarizing the comments. Choose the
best statement from the list A-G for each numbered name (41-45). There are two extra
choices which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.(10
points)
(41)Hannah
Simply, there are people in Nigeria who cannot travel to the Smithsonian Institution
to see that part of their history and culture represented by the Benin Bronzes. These
shouldbeavailabletothemaspartof theirculturalheritageand historyand asa sourceof
national pride. There is no good reason that these artifacts should be beyond the ordinary
reach of the educational objectives or inspiration of the generations to which they were
left. They serve no purpose in a museum in the United States or elsewhere except as
curious objects. They cannot be compared to works of art produced for sale which can be
passedfrom handtohandandplacetoplacebypurchase.
(42)Buck
We know very exact reproductions of artwork can be and are regularly produced.
Perhaps museums and governments might explore some role for the use of nearly exact
reproductions as a means of resolving issues relating to returning works of art and
antiquities. The context of any exhibit is more important to me than whether the object
being displayed is 2000 years old or 2 months old. In many cases the experts have a hard
time agreeing on what is the real object and what is a forgery. Again, the story an exhibit
is trying to tell is what matters. The monetary value of the objects on display is a distant
secondplaceinimportance.
(43)Sara
When visiting the Baltimore Museum of Art, I came across a magnificent 15th-
century Chinese sculpture. It inspired me to learn more about the culture that it
represented. Artifacts in museums have the power to inspire, and perhaps spark that need
to learn and understand the nature of their creators. Having said that, I do feel that
pastpapers.cn
whatever artifacts find their way to public museums should, in fact, be sanctioned as
having been obtained on loan, legally purchased, or obtained by treaty. Stealing artifacts
from other peoples’ cultures is obscene; it robs not only the physical objects, but the
dignityandspiritoftheircreators.
(44)Victor
Ancient art that is displayed in foreign countries by all means should be returned to
the original country. The foreign countries have no right to hold back returning the items.
I would ask that the foreign nations and the original country discuss the terms of transfer.
Yes, there is the risk that the original country will not have as good security as do the
foreign countries. But look at what happened to Boston’s Gardner Museum theft in 1990,
including the loss of Rembrandt, Vermeer, Manet, and other masterpieces. Nothing is
absolutely safe, nowhere. And now Climate Change agitators are attacking publicly
displayedworksinEuropeanmuseums.
(45)Julia
To those of you in the comments section who are having strong feelings about
artifacts being removed from cities in the US and Britain and returned to their countries
of origin, I would ask you to consider: why do you think Americans have more of a
right to easily access the Benin Bronzes than the people of Nigeria? Why are people who
live within a day’s drive of London entitled to go and see the Elgin Marbles whenever
they want, but the people of Athens aren’t? What intrinsic factors make the West a
suitablehomefor theseartifactsbutprecludethemfrom beingpreservedanddisplayed by
their countries of origin? If your conclusion is that the West is better able to preserve
theseartifacts,thinkaboutwhyyou’reassumingthattobetrue.
【A】It is clear that the countries of origin have never been compensated for the stolen
artifacts.
【B】It is a flawed line of reasoning to argue against returning artifacts to their countries
oforigin.
【C】Museumvisitorscanstilllearnasmuch fromartifacts’copiesaftertheoriginalsare
returned.
【D】Reproductions,evenifperfectlymade,cannottaketheplaceoftheauthenticobjects.
pastpapers.cn
【E】The real value of artifacts can only be recognized in their countries of origin rather
thananywhereelse.
【F】Waystogetartifactsfrom othercountriesmustbedecentandlawful.
【G】Concern over security is no excuse for refusing to return artifacts to their countries
oforigin.
PartC
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese.WriteyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
“Elephants never forget”—or so they say—and that piece of folklore seems to have
somefoundation.
The Africansavannaelephant, also known asthe Africanbush elephant,is distributed
across 37 African countries. They move between a variety of habitats, including forests,
grasslands, woodlands, wetlands and agricultural land. (46) They sometimes travel more
than sixty miles to find food or water, and are very good at working out where other
elephants are—even when they are out of sight. Using tracking devices, researchers have
shown that they have “remarkable spatial acuity.” When finding their way to waterholes,
they headed off in exactly the right direction, on one occasion from a distance of roughly
thirty miles. Whatis more, they almost always seemto choose thenearest waterhole. (47)
Theresearchers areconvinced that the elephantsalways know precisely where they arein
relation to all the resources they need, and can therefore take shortcuts, as well as
followingfamiliarroutes.
Although thecues used by African elephants for long-distancenavigation are notyet
understood,smellmaywellplayapart.
Elephants are very choosy eaters, but until recently little was known about how they
selectedtheir food. (48) Onepossibility wasthatthey merely used their eyesandtried out
the plants they found, but that would probably result in a lot of wasted time and energy,
notleastbecausetheireyesight isactuallynotvery good.
(49) The volatile chemicals produced by plants can be carried a long way, and they
are very characteristic: Each plant or tree has its own particular odor signature. What is
more, they can be detected even when they are not actually visible. New research
suggests that smell is a crucial factor in guiding elephants—and probably other
pastpapers.cn
herbivores—tothebestfoodresources.
The researchers first established what kinds of plant the elephants preferred either
to eat or avoid when foraging freely.They then set up a “food station” experiment, in
which they gave the elephants a series of choices based only on smell. (50) The
experiment showed that elephants may well use smell to identify patches of trees that are
good to eat, and secondly to assess the quality of the trees within each patch. Free-
rangingelephantspresumablyalsousethisinformationtolocatetheirpreferredfood.
Their well-developed hippocampal structures may enable elephants, like rats and
people,toconstructcognitivemaps.
SectionIII Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
Readthefollowingemailfromaninternationalstudentandwriteareply.
DearLiMing,
I’ve got a class assignment to make an oral report on an ancient Chinese scientist,
but I’m not sure how to prepare for it. Can you give me some advice? Thank you for
your help.
Yours,
Paul
Writeyour answerinabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownnameinyour email;use“Li Ming”instead.(10points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthepictureandthechartbelow.In youressay, you should
1)describethepictureandthechartbriefly,
2)interprettheimpliedmeaning,and
3)giveyour comments.
Writeyour answerin160-200wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(20points)
pastpapers.cn
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2024年 英语二 (来源: 2024-2.pdf)
2024年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（二）试题
SectionI Useof English
Directions:
Readthefollowing text.Choose thebest word(s)foreachnumberedblankandmarkA, B,
Cor DontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
Your social life is defined as “the activities you do with other people, for pleasure,
when you are not working”. It’s important to have a social life, but what’s right for one
personwon’tberightfor another.Someofusfeelenergised byspendinglotsoftimewith
others, 1 someofusmayfeeldrained,evenifit’sdoingsomethingweenjoy.
Thisiswhy findinga 2 inyour sociallifeiskey. Spendingtoomuchtime
on your own, not 3 others, can make you feel lonely and 4 .
Loneliness is known to impact on your mental health and 5 a low mood.
Anyone can feel lonely at any time. This might be especially true if, 6 , you
areworkingfromhomeandyouare 7 on the usual social conversations
thathappeninanoffice.Otherlifechangescan 8 periodsof loneliness too,
suchasretirement,changingjobsorbecoming aparent.
It’s important to recognise these feelings of loneliness. There are ways to 9
a social life, but it can feel overwhelming 10 . It’s a great idea to start by
thinkingabouthobbiesyou enjoy. You can then find groups andactivitiesrelated tothose
where you will be able to meet 11 people. There are groups aimed at new
parents, at those who want to 12 a new sport for the first time, or networking
eventsforthoseinthesameprofessiontomeetupand 13 ideas.
On theother hand,it’s 14 possibleto have too much of a social life. If you
feel like you’re always doing something and there is never any 15 in your
calendar for downtime, you could suffer social burnout or social 16 . We all
have our own social limit and it’s important to recognise when you’re feeling like it’s all
too much. Low mood, low energy, irritability and trouble sleeping could all be 17
of poor social health. Make sure you 18 some time in your diary when you’re
19 for socialisingandusethistimetorelax, 20 andrecover.
第 1 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]because [B]unless [C]whereas [D]until
2.[A]contrast [B]balance [C]link [D]gap
3.[A]seeing [B]pleasing [C]judging [D]teaching
4.[A]misguided [B]surprised [C]spoiled [D]disconnected
5.[A]contributeto [B]relyon [C]interferewith [D]goagainst
6.[A]infact [B]ofcourse [C]forexample [D]onaverage
7.[A]cuttingback [B]missingout [C]breakingin [D]lookingdown
8.[A]shorten [B]trigger [C]follow [D]interrupt
9.[A]assess [B]interpret [C]provide [D]regain
10.[A]atfirst [B]inturn [C]ontime [D]bychance
11.[A]far-sighted [B]strong-willed [C]kind-hearted [D]like-minded
12.[A]try [B]promote [C]watch [D]describe
13.[A]test [B]share [C]accept [D]revise
14.[A]already [B]thus [C]also [D]only
15.[A]list [B]order [C]space [D]boundary
16.[A]fatigue [B]criticism [C]injustice [D]dilemma
17.[A]sources [B]standards [C]signs [D]scores
18.[A]takeover [B]wipeoff [C]addup [D]markout
19.[A]ungrateful [B]unavailable [C]responsible [D]regretful
20.[A]react [B]repeat [C]return [D]rest
SectionII ReadingComprehension
Part A
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,B,C
orD.Markyour answersontheANSWER SHEET.(40points)
第 2 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
Text1
In her new book Cogs and Monsters: What Economics Is, and What It Should Be,
Diane Coyle, an economist at Cambridge University, argues that the digital economy
requires new ways of thinking about progress. “Whatever we mean by the economy
growing, by things getting better, the gainswill have to be moreevenly sharedthan in the
recentpast,”shewrites. “An economyoftechmillionairesor billionairesandgigworkers,
withmiddle-incomejobsundercutbyautomation,willnotbepoliticallysustainable.”
Improving living standards and increasing prosperity for more people will require
greater use of digital technologies to boost productivity in various sectors, including
health care and construction, says Coyle. But people can’t be expected to embrace the
changes if they’re not seeing the benefits — if they’re just seeing good jobs being
destroyed.
In a recent interview, Coyle said she fears that tech’s inequality problem could be a
roadblock to deploying AI. “We’re talking about disruption,” she says. “These are
transformative technologies that change the ways we spend our time every day, that
change business models that succeed.” To make such “tremendous changes,” she adds,
youneedsocialbuy-in.
Instead, says Coyle, resentment is simmering among many as the benefits are
perceivedtogo toelitesinahandfulofprosperouscities.
According to the Brookings Institution, a short list of eight American cities that
includedSanFrancisco,SanJose,Boston,andSeattlehadroughly38%ofalltechjobsby
2019. New AI technologies are particularly concentrated: Brookings’s Mark Muro and
Sifan Liu estimate that just 15 cities account for two-thirds of the AI assets and
capabilitiesintheUnitedStates.
The dominance of a few cities in the invention and commercialization of AI means
that geographical disparities in wealth will continue to soar. Not only will this foster
political and social unrest, but it could, as Coyle suggests, hold back the sorts of AI
technologiesneededfor regionaleconomiestogrow.
Part of the solution could lie in somehow loosening the stranglehold that Big Tech
hasondefining theAI agenda.Thatwilllikelytakeincreased federalfunding for research
independentofthetechgiants.
A more immediate response is to broaden our digital imaginations to conceive of AI
technologies that don’t simply replace jobs but expand opportunities in the sectors that
different parts of the country care most about, like health care, education, and
manufacturing.
第 3 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
21.Coylearguesinhernewbookthateconomicgrowthshould
[A]giverisetoinnovations.
[B]diversify careerchoices.
[C]benefitpeopleequally.
[D]bepromotedforcefully.
22.AccordingtoParagraph2,digitaltechnologiesshouldbeusedto
[A]bringaboutinstantprosperity.
[B]reducepeople’sworkload.
[C]raiseoverallworkefficiency.
[D]enhancecross-sectorcooperation.
23.WhatdoesCoylefearabouttransformativetechnologies?
[A]Theymayaffectwork-lifebalance.
[B]Theymaybeimpracticaltodeploy.
[C]Theymayincurhugeexpenditure.
[D]Theymaybeunwelcometothepublic.
24.SeveralAmericancitiesarementionedtoshow
[A]theunevendistributionofAItechnologiesintheUS.
[B]thedisappointingprospectoftechjobsintheUS.
[C]thefast progressofUSregionaleconomies.
[D]theincreasingsignificanceofUSAIassets.
25.WithregardtoCoyle’sconcern,theauthor suggests
[A]raisingfundstostartnewAI projects.
[B]encouragingcollaborationinAIresearch.
[C]guardingagainstthesideeffectsofAI.
[D]redefiningtheroleofAItechnologies.
第 4 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
Text2
The UK is facing a future construction crisis because of a failure to plant trees to
produce wood, Confor has warned. The forestry and wood trade body has called for
urgent action to reduce the country’s reliance on timber imports and provide a stable
supply of wood for future generations. Currently only 20 per cent of the UK’s wood
requirement is home-grown while it remains the second-largest net importer of timber in
theworld.
Coming at a time of fresh incentives from the UK government for landowners to
grow more trees, the trade body says these don’t go far enough and fail to promote the
benefitsofplantingthemto boosttimbersupplies. “Notonlyarewefacinga carboncrisis
now, but we will also be facing a future construction crisis because of a failure to plant
trees to produce wood,” said Stuart Goodall, chief executive of Confor. “For decades we
have not taken responsibility for investing in our domestic wood supply, leaving us
exposed to fluctuating prices and fighting for future supplies of wood as global demand
risesandourownsuppliesfall.”
The UK has ideal conditions for growing wood to build low-carbon homes and is a
global leader in certifying that its forests are sustainably managed, Confor says. While
around three quarters of Scottish homes are built from Scottish timber, the use of
home-grown wood in England isonly around 25 per cent. The causesof the UK’s current
position are complex and range from outdated perceptions of productive forestry to the
decimation of trees by grey squirrels. It also encompasses significant hesitation on behalf
offarmersandotherlandownerstoinvestinlonger-termplantingprojects.
While productive tree planting can deliver real financial benefits to rural economies
and contribute to the UK’s net-zero strategy, the focus of government support continues
to be on food production and the rewilding and planting of native woodland solely for
biodiversity. Goodall added: “While food production and biodiversity health are clearly
of critical importance, we need our land to also provide secure supplies of wood for
construction,manufacturingandcontributetonetzero.”
“While the UK government has stated its ambition for more tree planting, there has
been little action on the ground. Confor is now calling for much greater impetus behind
thoseaspirationstoensurewehaveenough woodtomeetincreasingdemand.”
第 5 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
26.Itcanbelearnedfrom Paragraph1thattheUKneedsto
[A]increaseitsdomesticwoodsupply.
[B]reduceitsdemandfor timber.
[C]loweritswoodproductioncosts.
[D]liftitscontrolontimberimports.
27.AccordingtoConfdr, theUKgovernment’sfresh incentives
[A]canhardlyaddressaconstructioncrisis.
[B]arebelievedtocomeatawrongtime.
[C]seemtobemisleadingforlandowners.
[D]willbetoocostlytoputintopractice.
28.TheUK’sexposuretofluctuatingwoodpricesisaresultof
[A]thegovernment’sinactionontimberimports.
[B]inadequateinvestmentingrowing wood.
[C]thecompetitionamongtimbertradersathome.
[D]woodproducers’motivetomaximiseprofits.
29.WhichofthefollowingcausestheshortageofwoodsupplyintheUK?
[A]Excessivetimberconsumptioninconstruction.
[B]Unfavourableconditionsfor growing wood.
[C]Outdatedtechnologiesofthewoodindustry.
[D]Farmers’ unwillingnesstoplanttrees.
30.WhatdoesGoodallthinktheUKgovernmentshoulddo?
[A]Subsidisethebuildingoflow-carbonhomes.
[B]Paygreaterattentiontoboostingruraleconomies.
[C]Providemoresupportforproductivetreeplanting.
[D]Giveprioritytopursuingitsnet-zerostrategy.
第 6 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
Text3
One of the biggest challenges in keeping unsafe aging drivers off the road is
convincing them that it’s time to turn over the keys. “It’s a complete life-changer” when
someonestops—orisforcedtostop—driving, saidformerriskmanagerAnneM. Menke.
“The American Medical Association advises physicians that ‘in situations where
clear evidence of substantial driving impairment implies a strong threat to patient and
public safety, and where the physician’s advice to discontinue driving privileges is
ignored, it is desirable and ethical to notify the Department of Motor Vehicles,’” Menke
wrote. “Some states require physicians to report, others allow but do not mandate reports,
while a few consider a report a breach of confidentiality. There could be liability and
penalties if a physician does not act in accordance with state laws on reporting and
confidentiality,”shecounseled.
Part of the problem in keeping older drivers safe is that the difficulties are addressed
piecemeal by different professions with different focuses, including gerontologists,
highway administration officials, automotive engineers and others, said gerontologist
Elizabeth Dugan. “There’s not a National Institute of Older Driver Studies,” she said.
“Weneedbetterevidenceonwhatmakesdriversunsafe”andwhatcanhelp,saidDugan.
One thing that does seem to work is requiring drivers to report in person for license
renewal. Mandatory in-person renewal was associated with a 31 per cent reduction in
fatal crashes involving drivers 85 or older, according to one study. Passing vision tests
also produced a similar decline in fatal crashes for those drivers, although there appeared
tobenobenefitfrom combiningthetwo.
Many older drivers don’t see eye doctors or can’t afford to. Primary care providers
have their hands full and may not be able to follow through with patients who have
troubledriving because they can’tturn their headsor rememberwhere they aregoing—or
have gotten shorter and haven’t changed their seat settings sufficiently to reach car pedals
easily.
As long as there are other cars on the roads, self-driving cars won’t solve the
problems of crashes, said Dugan. Avoiding dangers posed by all those human drivers
would require too many algorithms, she said. But we need to do more to improve safety,
said Dugan. “If we’re going to have 100-year lives, we need cars that a 90-year-old can
drivecomfortably.
第 7 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
31.AccordingtoParagraph1,keepingunsafeagingdriversoff theroad
[A]isanewsafetymeasure.
[B]hasbecomeadisputedissue.
[C]canbeatoughtasktocomplete.
[D]willbebeneficialtotheirhealth.
32.TheAmericanMedicalAssociation’sadvice
[A]haswonsupportfromdrivers.
[B]isgenerallyconsideredunrealistic.
[C]iswidelydismissedasunnecessary.
[D]hasmetwithdifferentresponses.
33.AccordingtoDugan,effortstokeepolderdriverssafe
[A]havebroughtaboutbigchanges.
[B]needtobewellcoordinated.
[C]havegainedpublicrecognition.
[D]callfor relevantlegalsupport.
34.Someolderdrivershavetroubledrivingbecausetheytendto.
[A]stickwithbaddrivinghabits.
[B]haveaweakenedmemory.
[C]sufferfromchronicpains.
[D]neglectcarmaintenance.
35.Duganthinksthatthesolutiontotheproblemsofcrashesmayliein
[A]upgradingself-drivingvehicles.
[B]developingsenior-friendlycars.
[C]renovatingtransportfacilities.
[D]adjustingtheagelimitfordrivers.
第 8 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
Text4
If you look at the apps on your phone, chances are you have at least one related to
your health—and probably several. Whether it is a mental health app, a fitness tracker, a
connected health device or something else, many of us are taking advantage of this
technology to keepbettertrack ofour healthin someshapeor form. Recentresearchfrom
the Organization for the Review of Care and Health Applications found that 350,000
healthappswereavailableonthemarket,90,000ofwhichlaunchedin2020alone.
While these apps have a great deal to offer, it is not always clear how the personal
information we input is collected, safeguarded and shared online. Existing health privacy
law,such astheHealth Insurance Portability and Accountability Act,isprimarily focused
on the way hospitals, doctors’ offices, clinics and insurance companies store health
records online. The health information these apps and health data tracking wearables are
collectingtypicallydoesnotreceivethesamelegalprotections.
Without additional protections in place, companies may share (and potentially
monetize) personal health information in a way consumers may not have authorized or
anticipated. In 2021, Flo Health faced a Federal Trade Commission (FTC) investigation.
The FTC alleged in a complaint that “despite express privacy claims, the company took
control of users’ sensitive fertility data and shared it with third parties.” Flo Health and
the FTC settled the matter with a Consent Order requiring the company to get app users’
express affirmative consent before sharing their health information as well as to instruct
thethirdpartiestodeletethedatatheyhadobtained.
Section 5 of the FTC Act empowers the FTC to initiate enforcement action against
unfair or deceptive acts, meaning the FTC can only act after the fact if a company’s
privacy practices are misleading or cause unjustified consumer harm. While the FTC is
doing what it can to ensure apps are keeping their promises to consumers around the
handling of their sensitive health information, the rate at which these health apps are
hittingthemarketdemonstratesjusthowimmenseofachallengethisis.
As to the prospects for federal legislation, commentators suggest that comprehensive
federal privacy legislation seems unlikely in the short term. States have begun
implementing their own solutions to shore up protections for consumer-generated health
data. California has been at the forefront of state privacy efforts with the California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Virginia, Colorado and Utah have also recently passed
stateconsumerdataprivacylegislation.
第 9 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
36.TheresearchfindingsarecitedinParagraph1toshow
[A]theprevalenceofhealthapps.
[B]thepublicconcernoverhealth.
[C]thepopularityofsmartphones.
[D]theadvancementoftechnology.
37.Whatdoestheauthorimplyaboutexistinghealthprivacylaw?
[A]Itscoverageneedstobeextended.
[B]Itsenforcementneedsstrengthening.
[C]It hasdiscouragedmedicalmisconduct.
[D]Ithasdisappointedinsurancecompanies.
38.Beforesharingitsusers’healthinformation,FloHealthisrequiredto
[A]seektheapprovaloftheFTC.
[B]find qualifiedthirdparties.
[C]removeirrelevantpersonaldata.
[D]obtaintheirexplicitpermission.
39.WhatchallengeistheFTCcurrentlyfacedwith?
[A]Thecomplexityofhealthinformation.
[B]Therapidincreaseinnewhealthapps.
[C]Thesubtledeceptivenessofhealthapps.
[D]Thedifficultyinassessingconsumerharm.
40.Itcanbelearnedfrom thelastparagraphthathealthdataprotection
[A]hasbeenembracedbyhealthappdevelopers.
[B]hasbeenafocusoffederalpolicy-making.
[C]hasencounteredoppositioninCalifornia.
[D]hasgainedlegislativesupportinsomestates.
第 10 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and match each of the numbered items in the left column to its
corresponding information in the right column. There are two extra choices in the right
column.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
HowCollegesWeighApplicants’ExtracurricularActivities
High school students eager to stand out in the college application process often
participate in a litany of extracurricular activities hoping to bolster their chances of
admissiontoaselective undergraduateinstitution.
However, college admissions experts say that the quality of a college hopeful’s
extracurricularactivitiesmattersmorethanthenumberofactivitiesheorsheparticipatesin.
Sue Rexford, the director of college guidance at the Charles E. Smith Jewish Day
School,saysitisnotnecessaryfor astudentfillingouttheCommonApplicationtolist10
activitiesintheapplication.
“No college will expect that a student has a huge laundry list of extracurriculars that
they have been passionately involved in each for an extended period of time,” Rexford
wroteinanemail.
Experts say it is tougher to distinguish oneself in a school-affiliated extracurricular
activity that is common among high school students than it is to stand out while doing an
uncommonactivity.
“Thecompetitiontostandoutandmakeanimpactisgoingtobemuchstiffer,andso
if they’re going to do a popular activity, I’d say, be the best at it,” says Sara Harberson, a
collegeadmissionsconsultant.
High school students who have an impressive personal project they are working on
independentlyoftenimpresscolleges, expertssay.
“For example, a student with an interest in entrepreneurship could demonstrate skill
and potential by starting a profitable small business,” Olivia Valdes, the founder of Zen
Admissionsconsultingfirm,wroteinanemail.
Joseph Adegboyega-Edun, a Maryland high school guidance counselor, says
第 11 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
unconventional extracurricular activities can help students impress college admissions
offices, assuming they demonstrated serious commitment. “Again, since one of the big
questions high school seniors must consider is ‘What makes you unique?,’ having an
uncommon extracurricular activity vs. a conventional one is an advantage,” he wrote in
anemail.
Experts say demonstrating talent in at least one extracurricular activity can help in
thecollegeadmissionsprocess, especiallyattop-tierundergraduateinstitutions.
“Distinguishing yourself in one focused type of extracurricular activity can be a
positive in the admissions process, especially for highly selective institutions, where
having top grades and test scores is not enough,” Katie Kelley, admissions counselor at
IvyWise admissions consultancy, wrote in an email. “Students need to have that quality
or hook that will appeal to admissions officers and allow them to visualize how the
studentmightcomeandenrichtheircampuscommunity.”
Extracurricular activities related to the college major declared on a college
application are beneficial, experts suggest. “If you already know your major, having an
extracurricular that fits into that major can be a big plus,” says Mayghin Levine, the
manager of educational opportunities with The Cabbage Patch Settlement House, a
Louisville,Kentucky, nonprofitcommunitycenter.
High school students who have had a strong positive influence on their community
through an extracurricular activity may impress a college and win a scholarship, says
Erica Gwyn, a former math and science magnet program assistant at a public high school
who is now executive director of the Kaleidoscope Careers Academy in Atlanta, a
nonprofitorganization.
[A]Students who stand out in a specific extracurricular activity
willbefavoredbytop-tierinstitutions.
41.SueRexford
[B]Students whose extracurricular activity has benefited their
communityarelikelytowinascholarship.
42.SaraHarberson
[C]Undertaking too many extracurricular activities will hardly be
seenasaplusbycolleges.
43.KatieKelley
[D]A student who exhibits abilities in doing business can impress
colleges.
第 12 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
44.MayghinLevine
[E]High school students participating in a popular activity should
excelinit.
45.EricaGwyn
[F]Engaging in uncommon activities can demonstrate students’
determinationanddedication.
[G]It is advisable for students to choose an extracurricular activity
thatisrelatedtotheirfuturestudyatcollege.
SectionIII Translation
46.Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
With the smell of coffee and fresh bread floating in the air, stalls bursting with
colourful vegetables and tempting cheeses, and the buzz of friendly chats, farmers’
markets are a feast for the senses. They also provide an opportunity to talk to the people
responsible for growing or raising your food, support your local economy and pick up
freshseasonalproduce—allatthesametime.
Farmers’ markets are usually weekly or monthly events, most often with outdoor
stalls, which allow farmers or producers to sell their food directly to customers. The size
or regularity of markets can vary from season to season, depending on the area’s
agricultural calendar, and you’re likely to find different produce on sale at different times
of the year. By cutting out the middleman, the farmers secure more profit for their
produce. Shoppers also benefit from seeing exactly where—and to who—their money is
going.
第 13 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn
SectionIII Writing
Part A
47.Directions:
Suppose you and Jack are going to do a survey on the protection of old houses in an
ancienttown.Writehimanemailto
1)putforwardyour plan,and
2)askforhisopinion.
Writeyouranswerinabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donot useyour ownnameinyour email;use“LiMing”instead.(10points)
Part B
48.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.In youressay, you should
1)describeandinterpretthechart,and
2)giveyour comments.
Writeyouranswerinabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
某高校劳动实践课学生主要收获调查
第 14 页 共 15 页
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2023年 英语一 (来源: 2023-1.pdf)
2023年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）试题
SectionI Useof English
Caravanserais were roadside inns that were built along the Silk Road in areas including
China,North Africa and the Middle East.They were typically 1 outside the walls of a city
orvillageandwereusuallyfundedbylocalgovernmentsor 2 .
“ ”
The word “caravanserai” is a 3 of the Persian words karvan, which means a group
of travellers or a caravan, and “sardy”, a palace or enclosed building. The term caravan was
usedto 4 groups of people who travelled together across the ancient network for
safetyreasons, 5 merchants,travellersorpilgrims.
Fromthe10thcenturyonwards,asmerchantandtravelroutesbecamemoredeveloped,
the 6 of caravanserais increased and they served as a safe place for people to rest at
night.TravellersontheSilkRoad 7 the possibility of beingattacked by thieves or being
8 to extreme weather conditions. For this reason, caravanserais were strategically
placed 9 theycouldbereachedinaday’straveltime.
Caravanserais served as an informal 10 point for the various people who travelled
the Silk Road. 11 , these structures became important centres for cultural 12 and
interaction,withtravellerssharingtheircultures,ideasandbeliefs, 13 taking knowledge
withthem,greatly 14 thedevelopmentofseveralcivilisations.
Caravanserais were also an important marketplace for commodities and 15 in the
trade of goods along the Silk Road. 16 , it was frequently the first stop for merchants
lookingtoselltheirwaresand 17 suppliesfortheirownjourneys.Itis 18 that
around12,000to15,000caravanseraiswerebuiltalongtheSilkRoad, 19 only about
3,000areknowntoremaintoday,manyofwhicharein 20 .
2023年考研英语（一）真题第1页共13页
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]displayed [B]occupied [C]located [D]equipped
2.[A]privately [B]regularly [C]respectively [D]permanently
3.[A]definition [B]transition [C]substitution [D]combination
4.[A]classify [B]record [C]describe [D]connect
5.[A]apartfrom [B]insteadof [C]suchas [D]alongwith
6.[A]construction [B]restoration [C]impression [D] evaluation
7.[A]doubted [B]faced [C]accepted [D]reduced
8.[A]assigned [B]subjected [C]accustomed [D]opposed
9.[A]sothat [B]evenif [C]nowthat [D]incase
10.[A]talking [B]starting [C]breaking [D]meeting
11.[A]Bytheway [B]Onoccasion [C]Incomparison [D]Asaresult
12.[A]heritage [B]revival [C]exchange [D]status
13.[A]withregardto [B]inspiteof [C]aswellas [D]inlinewith
14.[A]completing [B]influencing [C]resuming [D]pioneering
15.[A] aided [B]invested [C]failed [D]competed
16.[A] Rather [B]Indeed [C]Otherwise [D]However
17.[A] goinfor [B]standupfor [C]closeinon [D]stockupon
18.[A] believed [B]predicted [C]recalled [D]implied
19.[A] until [B] because [C]unless [D]although
20.[A] ruins [B]debt [C]fashion [D]series
PartA Section II Reading Comprehension
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark
youranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40poinTtse)xt1
The weather in Texas may have cooled since the recent extreme heat, but the
temperature will be high at the State Board of Education meeting in Austin this month as
officialsdebatehowclimatechangeistaughtinTexasschools.
2023年考研英语（一）真题第2页共13页
Pat Hardy, who sympathises with the views of the energy sector, is resisting proposed
pastpapers.cn
changes to science standards for pre-teen pupils. “There are as many scientists working
against all the panic of global climate change as there are those who are pushing it,” she
claims. “Texas is an energy state and we need to recognise that. You need to remember
whereyourbreadisbuttered.”
Most scientists and experts sharply dispute Hardy’s views. Board members like her
“casually dismiss the career work of scholars and scientists as just another misguided
opinion,” says Dan Quinn, senior communications strategist at the Texas Freedom Network,
anon-profitgroupthatmonitorspubliceducation.
Such debates reflect fierce discussions across the US, as researchers, policymakers,
teachers and students step up demands for a greater focus on teaching about the facts of
climatechangeinschools.
A study last year by the National Center for Science Education, a non-profit group of
scientists and teachers, looking at how state public schools across the country address
climate change in science classes, gave barely half of US states a grade B+ or higher. Among
the10worstperformersweresomeofthemostpopulous states,includingTexas,whichwas
given the lowest grade (F) and has a disproportionate influence because its textbooks are
widelysoldelsewhere.
Glenn Branch, the centre’s deputy director, cautions that setting state-level science
standards is only one limited benchmark in a country that decentralises decisions to local
school boards. Even if a state is considered a high performer in its science standards, “that
doesnotmeanitwillbetaught”,hesays.
Another issue is that while climate change is well integrated into some subjects and at
some ages—such as earth and space sciences in high schools—it is not as well represented
in curricula for younger children and in subjects that are more widely taught, such as
biologyandchemistry.Itisalsolessprominentinmanysocialstudiescourses.
Branch points out that, even if a growing number of official guidelines and textbooks
reflect scientific consensus on climate change, unofficial educational materials that convey
more slanted perspectives are being distributed to teachers. They include materials
sponsoredbyenergyindustryassociations.
21.InParagraph1,theweatherinTexasismentionedto
[A]forecastapolicyshiftinTexasschools.
[B]stresstheconsequencesofclimatechange.
[C]indicatetheatmosphereattheboardmeeting.
[D]drawthepublic’sattentiontoenergyshortages.
22.WhatdoesQuinnthinkof2H02a3r 年 dy 考 ? 研英语（一）真题第3页共13页
pastpapers.cn
[A]Sheexaggeratestheexistingpanic.
[B]Shedeniesthevalueofscientificwork.
[C]Sheshowsnoconcernforpre-teens.
[D]Sheexpressesself-contradictoryviews.
23.ThestudymentionedinParagraph5showsthat
[A]climateeducationisinsufficientatstatepublicschools.
[B]policymakershavelittledriveforscienceeducation.
[C]Texasisreluctanttorewriteitssciencetextbooks.
[D]environmentalteachinginsomestateslackssupervision.
24.AccordingtoBranch,state-levelsciencestandardsintheUS
[A]callforregularrevision.
[B]requireurgentapplication.
[C]havelimitedinfluence.
[D]catertolocalneeds.
25.Itisimpliedinthelastparagraphthatclimatechangeteachinginsomeschools
[A]agreestomajorpublicdemands.
[B]reflectsteachers’personalbias.
[C]maymisrepresenttheenergysector.
Text2
[D]canbeswayedbyexternalforces.
Communities throughout New England have been attempting to regulate short-term
rentals since sites like Airbnb took off in the 2010s. Now, with record-high home prices and
historically low inventory, there’s an increased urgency in such regulation, particularly
among those who worry that developers will come in and buy up swaths of housing to flip
forafortuneontheshort-termrentalmarket.
In New Hampshire, where the rental vacancy rate has dropped below 1 percent,
housing advocates fear unchecked short-term rentals will put further pressure on an
already strained market. The state Legislature recently voted against a bill that would’ve
madeitillegalfortownstocreatelegislationrestrictingshort-termrentals.
“We are at a crisis level on the supply of rental housing,” said Nick Taylor, executive
director of the Workforce Housing Coalition of the Greater Seacoast. Without enough
affordable housing in southern New Hampshire towns, “employers are having a hard time
attractingemployees,andworkersarehavingahardtimefindingaplacetolive,”Taylorsaid.
2023年考研英语（一）真题第4页共13页
pastpapers.cn
However, short-term rentals also provide housing for tourists, pointed out Ryan Castle,
CEOofalocalassociationofrealtors.“Alotofworkersareservicingthetouristindustry,and
the tourism industry is serviced by those people coming in short term,” Castle said, “and so
it’sacyclicaleffect.”
Short-term rentals themselves are not the crux of the issue, said Keren Hom, an expert
on affordable housing policy. “I think individuals beingable to rent out their second home is
a good thing. If it’s their vacation home anyway, and it’s just empty, why can’t you make
money off it?” Hom said. Issues arise, however, when developers attempt to create large-
scale short-term rental facilities—de facto hotels—to bypass taxes and regulations. “I think
the question is, shouldn’t a developer who’s really building a hotel, but disguising it as not a
hotel,betreatedandtaxedandregulatedlikeahotel?”Homsaid.
At the end of 2018, Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts signed a bill to rein in
thosepotentialinvestor-buyers.The billrequires everyrentalhosttoregisterwiththe state,
mandates they carry insurance, and opens the potential for local taxes on top of a new state
levy. Boston took things even further, requiring renters to register with the city’s
InspectionalServicesDepartment.
Hom said similar registration requirements could benefit struggling cities and towns,
but “if we want to make a change in the housing market, the main one is we have to build a
lotmore.”
26.WhichofthefollowingistrueofNewEngland?
[A]Itshousingsupplyisataverylowlevel.
[B]Itscommunitiesareinneedoffunding.
[C]Itsrentalvacancyrateisgoingupslowly.
[D]Itshomepricesareunderstrictcontrol.
27.ThebillmentionedinParagraph2wasintendedto
[A]curbshort-termrentalspeculation.
[B]ensurethesupplyofcheaphousing.
[C]punishillegaldealingsinhousing.
[D]allowafreeshort-termrentalmarket.
28.ComparedwithCastle,Taylorismorelikelytosupport
[A]furtherinvestmentinlocaltourism.
[B]anincreaseinaffordablehousing.
[C]strictmanagementofrealestateagents.
[D]afavorablepolicyforshort-termworkers.
2023年考研英语（一）真题第5页共13页
29.WhatdoesHomemphasizeinParagraph5?
pastpapers.cn
[A]Theurgencytoupgradeshort-termrentalfacilities.
[B]Theefficientoperationofthelocalhousingmarket.
[C]Thenecessitytostopdevelopersfromevadingtaxes.
[D]Theproperproceduresforrentingoutsparehouses.
30.Homholdsthatimposingregistrationrequirementsis
[A]anirrationaldecision.
[B]anunfeasibleproposal.
[C]anunnecessarymeasure.
Text3
[D]aninadequatesolution.
The Bench
If you’re heading for your nearest branch of Waterstones, the biggest book retailer in
The President’s Daughter
the UK, in search of the Duchess of Sussex’s new children’s book , you might have
to be prepared to hunt around a bit; the same may be true of , the
new thriller by Bill Clinton and James Patterson. Both of these books are published next
week by Penguin Random House (PRH), a company currently involved in a stand-off with
Waterstones.
The Bookseller
The problem began late last year, when PRH confirmed that it had introduced a credit
limit with Waterstones “at a very significant level”. The trade magazine
reported that Waterstones branch managers were being told to remove PRH books from
prominent areas such as tables, display spaces and windows, and were “quietly retiring
themtotheirrelevantsections”.
PRH declined to comment on the issue, but a spokesperson for Waterstones told me:
“Waterstones are currently operating with reduced credit terms from PRH, the only
publisher in the UK to place any limitations on our ability to trade. We are not boycotting
PRH titles but we are doing our utmost to ensure that availability for customers remains
good despite the lower overall levels of stock. We are hopeful with our shops now open
again that normality will return and that we will be allowed to buy appropriately. Certainly,
our shops are exceptionally busy. The sales for our May Books of the Month surpassed any
monthsince2018.”
Inthemeantime,PRHauthorshave beenthe losers.Big-namePRHauthorsmaysuffera
bit, but it’s those mid-list authors, who normally rely on Waterstones staff’s passion for
promotingbooksbylesser-knownwriters,whowillbeprayingforanendtothedispute.
It comes at a time when authors are already worried about the consequences of the
proposedmergerbetweenPRHandanotherbigpublisher,Simon&Schuster—thereduction
in the number of unaligned UK publishers is likely to lead to fewer bidding wars, lower
2023年考研英语（一）真题第6页共13页
pastpapers.cn
advances,andmoreconformityintermsofwhatispublished.
“This is all part of a wider change towards concentration of power,” says literary agent
Andrew Lownie. “The publishing industry talks about diversity in terms of authors and staff
but it also needs a plurality of ways of delivering intellectual contact, choice and different
voices. After all, many of the most interesting books in recent years have come from small
publishers.”
We shall see whether that plurality is a casualty of the current need among publishers
tobebigenoughtotakeonall-comers.
31.TheauthormentionstwobooksinParagraph1topresent
[A]anongoingconflict.
[B]anintellectualconcept.
[C]aprevailingsentiment.
[D]aliteraryphenomenon.
32.WhydidWaterstonesshopsretirePRHbookstotheirrelevantsections?
[A]Tomakethemeasilynoticeable.
[B]TocomplywithPRH’srequirement.
[C]TorespondtoPRH’sbusinessmove.
[D]Toarrangetheminasystematicway.
33.WhatmessagedoesthespokespersonforWaterstonesseemtoconvey?
[A]Theircustomersremainloyal.
[B]Thecreditlimitwillberemoved.
[C]Theirstockisunderestimated.
[D]Thebookmarketisratherslack.
34.Whatcanbeoneconsequenceofthecurrentdispute?
[A]Salesofbooksbymid-listPRHwritersfalloffconsiderably.
[B] Lesser-knownPRHwritersbecomethetargetofcriticism.
[C]Waterstonesstaffhesitatetopromotebig-nameauthors’books.
[D]Waterstonesbranchessufferaseverereductioninrevenue.
35.WhichofthefollowingstatementsbestrepresentsLownie’sview?
[A]Smallpublishersoughttosticktogether.
[B]Bigpublisherswilllosetheirdominance.
[C]Thepublishingindustryishavingahardtime.
2023年考研英语（一）真题第7页共13页
pastpapers.cn
Text4
[D]Themergerofpublishersisaworryingtrend.
Scientific papers are the recordkeepers of progress in research. Each year researchers
publish millions of papersinmore than 30,000 journals. The scientific community measures
the quality of those papers in a number of ways, including the perceived quality of the
journal(as reflected by the title’simpactfactor) and the numberof citations a specific paper
accumulates. The careers of scientists and the reputation of their institutions depend on the
numberandprestigeofthe paperstheyproduce,but evenmoresoonthecitations attracted
bythesepapers.
Citation cartels, where journals, authors, and institutions conspire to inflate citation
numbers, have existed for a long time. In 2016, researchers developed an algorithm to
recognize suspicious citation patterns, including groups of authors that disproportionately
cite one another and groups of journals that cite each other frequently to increase the
impactfactors of their publications. Recently, another expression of this predatory behavior
has emerged: so-called support service consultancies that provide language and other
editorialsupporttoindividualauthors andtojournalssometimesadvisecontributors toadd
anumberofcitationstotheirarticles.
The advent of electronic publishing and authors’ need to find outlets for their papers
resulted in thousands of new journals. The birth of predatory journals wasn't far behind.
These journals canact as milk cows where every single article in an issue maycite a specific
paper or a series of papers. In some instances, there is absolutely no relationship between
the content of the article and the citations. The peculiar part is that the journal that the
editor is supposedly working for is not profiting at all—it is just providing citations to other
journals. Such practices can lead an article to accrue more than 150 citations in the same
yearthatitwaspublished.
How insidious is this type of citation manipulation? In one example, an individual—
acting as author, editor, and consultant—was able to use at least 15 journals as citation
providers to articles published by five scientists at three universities. The problem is
rampant in Scopus, a citation database, which includes a high number of the new
“international” journals. In fact, a listing in Scopus seems to be a criterion to be targeted in
thistypeofcitationmanipulation.
Scopus itself has all the data necessary to detect this malpractice. Red flags include a
large number of citations to an article within the first year. And for authors who wish to
steer clear of citation cartel activities: when an editor, a reviewer, or a support service asks
youtoaddinappropriatereferences,donotobligeanddoreporttherequesttothejournal.
36.AccordingtoParagraph1,thecareersofscientistscanbedeterminedby
[A]howmanycitationsthe20ir23w年o考r研ks英c语on（t一ai）n.真题第8页共13页
pastpapers.cn
[B]howmanytimestheirpapersarecited.
[C]theprestigeofthepeopletheyworkwith.
[D]thestatustheyhaveinscientificcircles.
37.Thesupportserviceconsultanciestendto
[A]recommendjournalstotheirclients.
[B]listcitationpatternsfortheirclients.
[C]askauthorstoincludeextracitations.
[D]advisecontributorstociteeachother.
38.Thefunctionofthe“milkcow”journalsisto
[A]boostcitationcountsforcertainauthors.
[B] helpscholarspublisharticlesatlowcost.
[C]instructfirst-timecontributorsincitation.
[D]increasethereadershipofnewjournals.
39.WhatcanbelearnedaboutScopusfromthelasttwoparagraphs?
[A]Itfosterscompetitionamongcitationproviders.
[B]Ithasthecapabilitytoidentifysuspiciouscitations.
[C]Ithindersthegrowthof“international” journals.
[D]Itisestablishedtopreventcitationmanipulation.
40.Whatshouldanauthordotodealwithcitationmanipulators?
[A]Takelegalaction.
[B]Demandanapology.
[C]Seekprofessionaladvice.
PartB
[D]Revealtheirmisconduct.
Directions:
Thefollowingparagraphsaregiveninawrongorder.Forquestions41-45,youarerequired
Paragraphs A, E, and H
to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list A-H and filling
them into the numbered boxes. have been correctly placed. Mark
youranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
[A] Last year marked the 150th anniversary of a series of Yellowstone photographs by the
renownedlandscapephotographerWilliamHenryJackson.Jacksonsnappedthefirst-
ever shots of iconic landmarks such as the Tetons, Old Faithful and the Colorado
2023年考研英语（一）真题第9页共13页
pastpapers.cn
Rockies on a late 19th-century expedition through the Yellowstone Basin, conducted
by the head of the U.S. Geological and Geographical Survey of the Territories,
Ferdinand V. Hayden. The team included a meteorologist, a zoologist, a mineralogist,
andanagriculturalstatistician.
[B] Two centuries ago, the idea of preserving nature, rather than exploiting it, was a novel
one to many US settlers. One of the turning points in public support for land
conservation efforts—and recognizing the magnificence of the Yellowstone region in
particular—cameintheformofvividphotographs.
[C]As an effective Washington operator, Hayden sensed that he could capitalize on the
expedition’s stunning visuals. He asked Jackson to print out large copies and
distributed them, along with reproductions of Moran's paintings, to each member of
Congress. “The visualization, particularly those photographs, really hit home thatthis
is something that has to be protected,” says Alicia Murphy, Yellowstone’s park
historian.
[D] Throughout the trip, Jackson juggled multiple cameras and plate sizes using the
collodion process that involved coating the plates with a chemical mixture, exposing
them and developing the resulting images with a portable darkroom. The crude
technique required educated guesses on exposure times, and involved heavy,
awkward equipment—several men had to assist in its transportation. Despite these
challenges, Jacksoncaptured dozens of striking photos, ranging from majestic images
like his now-famous snapshot of Old Faithful, to casual portraits of expedition
members at the camp. While veterans of previous expeditions had written at length
aboutstunningsights,thesevividphotographswereanotherthingentirely.
[E] The journey officially began in Ogden, Utah, on June 8, 1871. Over nearly four months,
dozens of men made their way on horseback into Montana and traversed along the
Yellowstone Riverand around Yellowstone Lake.That fall, they concluded the survey
inFortBridger,Wyoming.
[F] Though Native Americans (and later miners and fur trappers) had long recognized
the area’s riches, most Americans did not. That’s why Hayden’s expedition aimed to
produce a fuller understanding of the Yellowstone River region, from its hot springs
and waterfalls to its variety of flora and fauna. In addition to the entourage of
scientists, the team also included artists: Painter Thomas Moran and photographer
Jackson were charged with capturing this astounding natural beauty and sharing it
withtheworld.
2023年考研英语（一）真题第10页共13页
pastpapers.cn
[G] The bill proved largely popular and sailed through Congress with large majorities in
favor. In quick succession, the Senate and House passed legislation protecting
Yellowstone in early 1872. That March, President Ulysses S. Grant signed an act into
law that established Yellowstone as the world’s first national park.While some locals
opposed the designation, the decision was largely accepted—and Jackson’s photos
played a key role in the fight to protect the area. “I don’t believe that the legal
Prophets and Moguls, Rangers and
protection would have happened in the time frame that it did without those images,”
Rogues BisonandBears 100YearsoftheNationalParkService.
says Heather Hansen, journalist and author of
, :
[H] Perhaps most importantly, these images provided documentary evidence that later
madeits waytogovernmentofficials.Weeksaftercompletingthe expedition,Hayden
collected his team’s observations into an extensive report aimed at convincing
senators and representatives, along with colleagues at government agencies like the
DepartmentoftheInterior,thatYellowstoneoughttobepreserved.
41. 42. 43. 44. 45.
→A→ →E→ →H→ →
2023年考研英语（一）真题第11页共13页
pastpapers.cn
PartC
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese.
WriteyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
There has been some exploration around the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in digital
marketing. For example, AI can be used to analyse what type of advertising content or copy
would be appropriate to “speak” to a specific target customer group by revealing
informationabouttrendsandpreferencesthroughtheanalysisofbigdata. (46)AIcanalso
be used to identify the lifestyle choices of customers regarding their hobbies, favourite
celebrities, and fashions to provide unique content in marketing messages put out through
socialmedia.Atthe sametimeAlcanalsobe usedtogenerate content forsocialmediaposts
andchatsites.
The main disadvantage of using AI to respond to customers is that there are concerns
about trusting personal interactions to machines, which could lead not only to the
subsequentlossofinterpersonalconnections, butalsotoa decreaseinmarketingpersonnel.
(47) Some believe that AI is negatively impacting on the marketer’s role by reducing
creativity and removing jobs, but they are aware that it is a way of reducing costs and
creating new information. By allowing AI to develop content some brand marketers may
find that they are losing control over the brand narrative. (48) Algorithms used to simulate
human interactions are creating many of these concerns, especially as no-one is quite sure
whattheoutcomesofusingAItointeractwithcustomerswillbe.
For AI to be successful, data needs to be accessible, but the use of personal data is
becomingmoreregulatedandtheautomatedsharingofdataisbecomingmoredifficult.(49)
If customers are not willing to share data, AI will be starved of essential information and
will not be able to function effectively or employ machine learning to improve its marketing
content and communication. Therefore, unless customers are prepared to sign release
agreements, the use of AI may become somewhat restricted in the future. Not only can AI
help to create the marketing content, but it can also provide a non-intrusive way of
delivering the content to the target customers. Data can be gathered on where the customer
can be engaged, such as location, devices used, website interactions, and sites visited, to
display marketing messages in appropriate forms, including emails,social media posts, pop-
up advertisements, and banners at an appropriate frequency. (50) The non-intrusive
delivery of the marketing messages in a way that is sensitive to the needs of target
customersisoneofthecriticalchallengestothedigitalmarketer.
2023年考研英语（一）真题第12页共13页
pastpapers.cn
PartA SectionIII Writing
Directions:
51.
WriteanoticetorecruitastudentforProf.Smith’sresearchprojectoncampussports
activities.Specifythedutiesandrequirementsofthejob.
Donot
Writeyouranswerinabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
useyourownnameinthenotice;use“LiMing”instead.(10points)
PartB
Directions:
52.
Writeanessaybasedonthepicturebelow.Inyouressay,youshould
1)describethepicturebriefly,
2)interprettheimpliedmeaning,and
3)giveyourcomments.
Writeyouranswerin160-200wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(20points)
2023年考研英语（一）真题第13页共13页
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2023年 英语二 (来源: 2023-2.pdf)
年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（二）试题
2023
SectionI Useof English
Here’s a common scenario that any number of entrepreneurs face today: you’re the
growthteam.
CEOofasmallbusiness,andthoughyou’remakinganice 1 , you need to find a way to
takeittothenextlevel.Whatyouneedtodois 2 growthbyestablishinga
A growth team is made up of members from different departments within your company,
anditharnessesthepowerofcollaborationtofocus 3 onfindingwaystogrow.
Let’s look at a real-world 4 . Prior to forming a growth team, the software company
BitTorrenthad50employeesworkinginthe 5 departments of engineering, marketing
and product development. This brought them good results until 2012, when their growth
plateaued. The 6 was that too many customers were using the basic, free version of
their product. And 7 improvements to the premium, paid version, few people were
makingtheupgrade.
Things changed, 8 , when an innovative project-marketing manager came aboard,
9 a growthteamandsparkedthekindof 10 perspective theyneeded.By lookingat
engineering issues from a marketing point of view, it became clear that the 11 of
upgrades wasn’t due to a quality issue. Most customers were simply unaware of the
premiumversionandwhatitoffered.
Armed with this 12 , the marketing and engineering teams joined forces to raise
awarenessbyprominently 13 thepremiumversiontousersofthefreeversion. 14 ,
upgradesskyrocketed,andrevenueincreasedby92percent.
But inorderforyour growthteam tosucceed,it needs tohave a strongleader. Itneeds
someone who can 15 the interdisciplinary team and keep them on course for
improvement. This leader will 16 the target area, set clear goals and establish a time
frameforthe 17 ofthesegoals.
Thegrowthleaderisalso 18 forkeepingtheteamfocusedonmovingforwardand
steering them clear of distractions. 19 attractive, new ideas can be distracting; the
teamleadermust recognize whentheseideas don’t 20 thecurrentgoal andneedtobe
putonthebackburner.
2023年考研英语二试题第1页共14页
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]purchase [B]profit [C]connection [D]bet
2.[A]define [B]predict [C]prioritize [D]appreciate
3.[A]exclusively [B]temporarily [C]potentially [D]initially
4.[A]experiment [B]proposal [C]debate [D]example
5.[A]identical [B]marginal [C]provisional [D]traditional
6.[A]rumor [B]secret [C]myth [D]problem
7.[A]despite [B]unlike [C]through [D]besides
8.[A]moreover [B]however [C]therefore [D]again
9.[A]inspected [B]created [C]expanded [D]reformed
10.[A]cultural [B]objective [C]fresh [D]personal
11.[A]end [B]burden [C]lack [D]decrease
12.[A]policy [B]suggestion [C]purpose [D]insight
13.[A]contributing [B]allocating [C]promoting [D]transferring
14.[A]Asaresult [B]Atanyrate [C]Bytheway [D]Inasense
15.[A]unite [B]finance [C]follow [D]choose
16.[A]share [B]identify [C]divide [D]broaden
17.[A]announcement [B]assessment [C]adjustment [D]accomplishment
18.[A]famous [B]responsible [C]available [D]respectable
19.[A]Before [B]Once [C]While [D]Unless
20.[A]serve [B]limit [C]summarize [D]alter
PartA
Section II Reading Comprehension
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C
orD. Mark your answers ontheANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
2023年考研英语二试题第2页共14页
pastpapers.cn
Text1
In the quest for the perfect lawn, homeowners across the country are taking a
shortcut—and it is the environment that is paying the price. About eight million square
metres of plastic grass is sold each year but opposition has now spread to the highest
gardening circles. The Chelsea Flower Show has banned fake grass from this year’s event,
declaringittobenotpartofitsethos.TheRoyalHorticulturalSociety(RHS),whichrunsthe
annual show in west London, says it has introduced the ban because of the damage plastic
grassdoestotheenvironmentandbiodiversity.
Ed Home, of the RHS, said: “We launched our sustainability strategy last year and fake
grassis justnotinlinewithourethosandviewsonplastic.We recommendusingreal grass
because of its environmental benefits, which include supporting wildlife, alleviating
floodingandcoolingtheenvironment.”
The RHS’s decision comes as campaigners try to raise awareness of the problems fake
grass causes. A Twitter account, which claims to “cut through the greenwash” of artificial
grass, already has more than 20,000 followers. It is trying to encourage people to sign two
petitions, one calling for a ban on the sale of plastic grass and another calling for an
“ecologicaldamage”taxonsuchlawns.Theyhavegathered7,276and11,282signatures.
However, supportersoffakegrasspointout thatthereis alsoanenvironmentalimpact
withnaturallawns,whichneedmowingandthereforeusuallyconsumeelectricityorpetrol.
The industry also points out that real grass requires considerable amounts of water, weed
killerorothertreatmentsandthatpeoplewholayfakegrasstendtousetheirgardenmore.
The industry also claims that people who lay fake grass spend an average of £500 on trees
orshrubsfortheirgarden,whichprovideshabitatforinsects.
In response to another petition last year about banning fake lawns, which gathered
30,000 signatures, the government responded that it has “no plans to ban the use of
artificialgrass”.
It added: “We prefer to help people and organisations make the right choice rather
than legislating on such matters. However, the use of artificial grass must comply with the
legalandpolicysafeguardsinplacetoprotectbiodiversityandensure sustainabledrainage,
while measures such as the strengthened biodiversity duty should serve to encourage
publicauthoritiestoconsidersustainablealternatives.”
2023年考研英语二试题第3页共14页
pastpapers.cn
21.TheRHSthinksthatplasticgrass .
[A]isharmfultotheenvironment
[B]isahottopicingardeningcircles
[C]isoverpraisedintheannualshow
[D]isruiningtheviewofwestLondon
22.ThepetitionsmentionedinParagraph3revealthecampaigners’ .
[A]disappointmentwiththeRHS
[B]resistancetofakegrassuse
[C]angerovertheproposedtax
[D]concernaboutrealgrasssupply
23.InParagraph4,supportersoffakegrasspointout .
[A]thenecessitytolowerthecostsoffakegrass
[B]thedisadvantagesofgrowingrealgrass
[C]thewaytotakecareofartificiallawns
[D]thechallengesofinsecthabitatprotection
24.Whatwouldthegovernmentdowithregardtoartificialgrass?
[A]Urgelegislationtorestrictitsuse.
[B]Takemeasurestoguaranteeitsquality.
[C]Reminditsuserstoobeyexistingrules.
[D]Replaceitwithsustainablealternatives.
25.Itcanbelearnedfromthetextthatfakegrass .
[A]isbeingimprovedcontinuously
[B]hasseenamarketsharedecline
[C]isbecomingincreasinglyaffordable
[D]hasbeenacontroversialproduct
2023年考研英语二试题第4页共14页
pastpapers.cn
Text2
It’s easy to dismiss as absurd the federal government’s ideas for plugging the chronic
funding gap of our national parks. Can anyone really think ifs a good idea to allow Amazon
deliveries to your tent in Yosemite or food trucks to line up under the redwood trees at
SequoiaNationalPark?
But the government is right about one thing: U.S. national parks are in crisis.
Collectively, they have a maintenance backlog of more than $ 12 billion. Roads, trails,
restrooms,visitorcentersandotherinfrastructurearecrumbling.
But privatizing and commercializing the campgrounds would not be a cure-all.
Campgrounds are a tiny portion of the overall infrastructure backlog, and businesses in the
parkshandover,onaverage,onlyabout5%oftheirrevenuestotheNationalParkService.
Moreover, increased privatization would certainly undercut one of the major reasons
why300 million visitors come to the parks each year: to enjoy nature and geta break from
thecommercialdrumbeatthatoverwhelmsdailylife.
The real problem is that the parks have been chronically starved of funding. An
economic survey of 700 U.S. taxpayers found that people would be willing to pay a
significant amount of money to make sure the parks and their programs are kept intact.
Some81%ofrespondentssaidtheywouldbe willingtopay additionaltaxesforthenext10
yearstoavoidanycutstothenationalparks.
Thenational parks provide greatvalue to U.S.residentsbothas places toescape and as
symbols of nature. On top of this, they produce value from their extensive educational
programs, their positive impact on the climate through carbon sequestration, their
contribution to our cultural and artistic life, and of course through tourism. The parks also
help keep America’s past alive, working with thousands of local jurisdictions around the
countrytoprotecthistoricalsitesandtobringthestoriesoftheseplacestolife.
The parks do all this on a shoestring. Congress allocates only $ 3 billion a year to the
national park system—an amount that has been flat since 2001 (in inflation-adjusted
dollars) with the exception of a onetime boost in 2009. Meanwhile, the number of annual
visitorshasincreasedby morethan50%since1980,andnowstands at330millionvisitors
peryear.
2023年考研英语二试题第5页共14页
pastpapers.cn
26.WhatproblemareU.S.nationalparksfacedwith?
[A]Declineofbusinessprofits.
[B]Inadequatecommercialization.
[C]Lackoftransportationservices.
[D]Poorlymaintainedinfrastructure.
27.Increasedprivatizationofthecampgroundsmay .
[A]spoilvisitorexperience
[B]helppreservenature
[C]bringoperationalpressure
[D]boostvisitstoparks
28.AccordingtoParagraph5,mostrespondentsinthesurveywould .
[A]gotothenationalparksonaregularbasis
[B]advocateabiggerbudgetforthenationalparks
[C]agreetopayextraforthenationalparks
[D]supportthenationalparks’recentreforms
29.Thenationalparksarevaluableinthatthey .
[A]leadthewayintourism
[B]havehistoricalsignificance
[C]sponsorresearchonclimate
[D]provideanincomeforthelocals
30.Itcanbeconcludedfromthetextthatthenationalparksystem .
[A]isabletocopewithstaffshortages
[B]isabletomeetvisitors’demands
[C]isinneedofanewpricingpolicy
[D]isinneedofafundingincrease
2023年考研英语二试题第6页共14页
pastpapers.cn
Text3
The Internet may be changing merely what we remember, not our capacity to do so,
suggests Columbia Universitypsychology professorBetsy Sparrow. In 2011, Sparrowleda
study in which participants were asked to record 40 factoids in a computer (“an ostrich’s
eyeisbiggerthanitsbrain,”forexample).Halfoftheparticipantswere toldtheinformation
would be erased, while the other half were told it would be saved. Guess what? The latter
group made no effort to recall the information when quizzed on it later, because theyknew
they could find it on their computers. In the same study, a group was asked to remember
both the information and the folders it was stored in. They didn’t remember the
information,but they remembered how to find the folders. In other words, human memory
isnotdeterioratingbut“adaptingtonewcommunicationstechnology,”Sparrowsays.
In a very practical way, the Internet is becoming an external hard drive for our
memories,a processknownas“cognitiveoffloading.”Traditionally,thisrolewasfulfilledby
data banks, libraries, and other humans. Your father may never remember birthdays
because your mother does, for instance. Some worry that this is having a destructive effect
on society, but Sparrow sees an upside. Perhaps, she suggests, the trend will change our
approach to learning from a focus on individual facts and memorization to an emphasis on
more conceptual thinking—something that is not available on the Internet. “I personally
have never seen all that much intellectual value in memorizing things,” Sparrow says,
addingthatwehaven’tlostourabilitytodoit.
Still other experts say ifs too soon to understand how the Internet affects our brains.
There is no experimental evidence showing that it interferes with our ability to focus, for
instance, wrote psychologists Christopher Chabris and Daniel J. Simons. And surfing the
web exercised the brain more than reading did among computer-savvy older adults in a
2008 study involving 24 participants at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human
BehaviorattheUniversityofCalifornia,LosAngeles.
“There may be costs associated with our increased reliance on the Internet, but I’d
have to imagine that overall the benefits are going to outweigh those costs,” observes
psychology professor Benjamin Storm. “It seems pretty clear that memory is changing, but
isitchangingforthebetter?Att2h0i2s3年po考i研nt英,w语二ed试o题n第’tk7n页o共w.1”4页
pastpapers.cn
31.Sparrow’sstudyshowsthatwiththeInternet,thehumanbrainwill .
[A]analyzeinformationindetail
[B]collectinformationefficiently
[C]switchitsfocusofmemory
[D]extenditsmemoryduration
32.Theprocessofacognitiveoffloading” .
[A]helpsusidentifyfalseinformation
[B]keepsourmemoryfromfailing
[C]enablesustoclassifytrivialfacts
[D]lessensourmemoryburdens
33.WhichofthefollowingwouldSparrowsupportabouttheInternet?
[A]Itmayreformourlearningapproach.
[B]Itmayimpactoursocietynegatively.
[C]Itmayenhanceouradaptabilitytotechnology.
[D]Itmayinterferewithourconceptualthinking.
34.ItisindicatedinParagraph3thathowtheInternetaffectsourbrains .
[A]requiresfurtheracademicresearch
[B] ismoststudiedinolderadults
[C]isreflectedinourreadingspeed
[D]dependsonourweb-surfinghabits
35.NeitherSparrownorStormwouldagreethat .
[A]ourrelianceontheInternetwillbecostly
[B]theInternetisweakeningourmemory
[C]memoryexerciseisamustforourbrains
[D]ourabilitytofocusdeclineswithage
2023年考研英语二试题第8页共14页
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Teenagers are paradoxical. That’s a mild and detached way of saying something that
parents often express with considerably stronger language. But the paradox is scientific as
well as personal. In adolescence, helpless and dependent children who have relied on
grown-ups for just about everything become independent people who can take care of
themselves and help each other. At the same time, once cheerful and compliant children
becomerebelliousteenagerisk-takers. Child Development
A new study published in the journal , by Eveline Crone of the
University of Leiden and colleagues, suggests that the positive and negative sides of
teenagers go hand in hand. The study is part of a new wave of thinking about adolescence.
Foralongtime,scientistsandpolicymakersconcentratedontheideathatteenagerswerea
problem that needed to be solved. The new work emphasizes that adolescence is a time of
opportunityaswellasrisk.
Theresearchersstudied“prosocial”andrebellioustraitsinmorethan200childrenand
young adults, ranging from 11 to 28 years old. The participants filled out questionnaires
about how often they did things that were altruistic and positive, like sacrificing their own
intereststohelpafriend,orrebelliousandnegative,likegettingdrunkorstayingoutlate.
Otherstudieshave shownthat rebellious behavior increasesas you become a teenager
and then fades away as you grow older. But the new study shows that, interestingly, the
same pattern holds for prosocial behavior. Teenagers were more likely than younger
childrenoradultstoreportthattheydidthingslikeunselfishlyhelpingafriend.
Most significantly, there was a positive correlation between prosociality and
rebelliousness. The teenagers who were more rebellious were also more likely to help
others.Thegoodandbadsidesofadolescenceseemtodeveloptogether.
Is there some common factor that underlies these apparently contradictory
developments?Oneideaisthatteenagebehaviorisrelatedtowhatresearcherscall“reward
sensitivity.” Decision-making always involves balancing rewards and risks, benefits and
costs.“Rewardsensitivity”measureshowmuchrewardittakestooutweighrisk.
Teenagers are particularly sensitive to social rewards—winning the game, impressing
a new friend, getting that boy to notice you. Reward sensitivity, like prosocial behavior and
risk-taking,seems to go up in adolescenceand thendown again as we age.Somehow, when
you hit 30, the chance that something exciting and new will happen at that party just
doesn’tseemtooutweightheeff2o02r3t年o考fg研e英tt语in二g试u题po第ff9t页he共c1o4u页ch.
pastpapers.cn
36.AccordingtoParagraph1,childrengrowingintoadolescencetendto .
[A]developoppositepersonalitytraits
[B]seetheworldinanunreasonableway
[C]havefondmemoriesoftheirpast
[D]showaffectionfortheirparents
37.ItcanbelearnedfromParagraph2thatCrone’sstudy ..
[A]exploresteenagers9socialresponsibilities
[B]examinesteenagers’emotionalproblems
[C]providesanewinsightintoadolescence
[D]highlightsnegativeadolescentbehavior
38.WhatdoesCrone’sstudyfindaboutprosocialbehavior?
[A]Itresultsfromthewishtocooperate.
[B]Itiscultivatedthrougheducation.
[C]Itissubjecttofamilyinfluence.
[D]Ittendstopeakinadolescence.
39.Itcanbelearnedfromthelasttwoparagraphsthatteenagers .
[A]overstresstheirinfluenceonothers
[B]carealotaboutsocialrecognition
[C]becomeanxiousabouttheirfuture
[D]endeavortoliveajoyfullife
40.Whatisthetextmainlyabout?
[A] Whyteenagersareself-contradictory.
[B] Whyteenagersarerisk-sensitive.
[C]Howteenagersdevelopprosociality.
[D]Howteenagersbecomeindependent.
2023年考研英语二试题第10页共14页
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Readthefollowingtextandmatcheachofthenumbereditemsintheleftcolumntoits
correspondinginformationintherightcolumn.Therearetwoextrachoicesintheright
column.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
Net-ZeroRulesSettoSendCostofNewHomesandExtensionsSoaring
New building regulations aimed at improving energy efficiency are set to increase the
priceofnewhomes,aswellasthoseofextensionsandloftconversionsonexistingones.
The rules, which came into effect on Wednesday in England, are part of government
plans to reduce the UK's carbon emissions to net zero by 2050. They set new standards for
ventilation, energy efficiency and heating, and state that new residential buildings must
havechargingpointsforelectricvehicles.
The moves are the most significant change to building regulations in years, and
industry experts say they will inevitably lead to higher prices at a time when a shortage of
materialsandhighlabourcostsarealreadydrivingupbills.
Brian Berry, chief executive of the Federation of Master Builders, says the measures
will require new materials, testing methods, products and systems to be installed. “All this
comes at an increased cost during a time when prices are already sky high. Inevitably,
consumerswillhavetopaymore,”hesays.
Gareth Belsham, of surveyors Naismiths, says people who are upgrading, or extending
their home, will be directly affected. “The biggest changes relate to heating and insulation,”
he explains.“There are new rules concerning the amount of glazing usedin extensions, and
anynewwindowsordoorsmustbehighlyinsulated.”
Windowsanddoorswillhavetoadheretohigherstandards,whiletherearenewlimits
ontheamountofglazingyoucanhavetoreduceunwantedheatfromthesun.
Thomas Goodman, of MyJobQuote, says this will bring in new restrictions for
extensions.“Glazingonwindows,doorsandrooflightsmustcovernomorethan25%ofthe
floorareatopreventheatloss,”hesays.
As the rules came into effect last Wednesday, property developers were rushing to file
plans just before the deadline. Any plans submitted before that date are considered to be
underthepreviousrules,andcangoaheadaslongasworkstartsbefore15Junenextyear.
Builders whichhave costed projects, but have not filed the paperwork, may need to go
backandsubmitfreshestimates,saysMarcusJeffordofBuildAviator.
Materialspricesarealreadyup 25%inthelasttwoyears.Howmuchoverallpriceswill
2023年考研英语二试题第11页共14页
increase as a result of the rule changes is not clear. “Whilst admirable in their intentions,
pastpapers.cn
they will add to the cost of housebuilding at a time when many already feel that they are
priced out of homeownership,” says Jonathan Rolande of the National Association of
Property Buyers. “An average extension will probably see around £3,000 additional cost
thankstothenewregs.”
John Kelly, a construction lawyer at Freeths law firm, believes prices will eventually
come down. But not in the immediate future. “As the marketplace adapts to the new
requirements, and the technologies that support them, the scaling up of these technologies
will eventually bring costs down, but in the short term, we will all have to pay the price of
thenecessarytransition,”hesays.
However, the long-term effects of the changes will be more comfortable and energy-
efficienthomes,adds AndrewMellor, ofPRParchitects.“Homeowners will probably recoup
that cost over time in energy bill savings. It will obviously be very volatile at the moment,
buttheywillhavethatbenefitovertime.”
[A] Theriseofhomepricesisatemporarymatter.
[B] Builders possibly need to submit new estimates of
41.BrianBerry
their
[C]Therewillbespecificlimitsonhomeextensionsto
42.GarethBelsham
preventheatloss.
[D] The new rules will take home prices to an even
43.MarcusJefford ［ ］
higher
E Many people feel that home prices are already
44.JohnKelly ［ ］
beyond
F Thenewruleswillaffectpeoplewhosehome
45.AndrewMellor
extensionsincludenewwindowsordoors.
[G] The rule changes will benefit homeowners
eventually.
2023年考研英语二试题第12页共14页
pastpapers.cn
SectionIII Translation
Directions:
46.
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
In the late 18th century, William Wordsworth became famous for his poems about
nature. And he was one of the founders of a movement called Romanticism, which
celebratedthewondersofthenaturalworld.
Poetry is powerful. Its energy and rhythm can capture a reader, transport them to
another world and make them see things differently. Through carefully selected words and
phrases,poemscanbedramatic,funny,beautiful,movingandinspiring.
No one knows for sure when poetry began but it has been around for thousands of
years, even before people could write. It was a way to tell stories and pass down history. It
is closely related to song and even when written it is usually created to be performed out
loud.Poemsreallycometolifewhentheyarerecited.Thiscanalsohelpwithunderstanding
themtoo,becausetherhythmandsoundsofthewordsbecomeclearer.
2023年考研英语二试题第13页共14页
pastpapers.cn
PartA SectionIII Writing
Directions:
47.
An art exhibition and a robot show are to be held on Sunday, and your friend David
asksyouwhichoneheshouldgoto.Writehimanemailto
1)makeasuggestion,and
2)giveyourreason(s).
Donot
Writeyouranswerinabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
useyourownnameinyouremail;use“LiMing"instead.(10points)
PartB
Directions:
48.
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.Inyouressay,youshould
1)describeandinterpretthechart,and
2)giveyourcomments.
Writeyouranswerinabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
25.40%
年我国居民健康素养水平
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
2012—2021
*健康素养（ ）是指个人获取和理解基本健康信息和服务，并运用这些信息和服务
做出正确决策，以维护和促进自身健康的能力。健康素养水平指具 备基本健康素养的人在总人群
healthliteracy
（ 岁城乡居民）中所占的比例。
15-69
2023年考研英语二试题第14页共14页
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2022年 英语一 (来源: 2022-1.pdf)
2022年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）试题
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read thefollowing text. Choose thebestword(s) for each numbered blank andmark A, B, C or Don
theANSWER SHEET.(10points)
The idea that plants have some degree of consciousness first took root in the early 2000s; the
term“ plantneurobiology”was 1 around the notion that some aspects of plant behavior
couldbe 2 tointelligenceinanimals. 3 plantslackbrains, thefiring of
electricalsignalsintheirstemsandleavesnonethelesstriggeredresponsesthat 4
consciousness,researcherspreviouslyreported.
Butsuchanideaisuntrue,accordingtoanewopinionarticle.Plantbiologyiscomplex and
fascinating, but it 5 so greatly from that of animals that so-called
6 ofplants’intelligenceisinconclusive, theauthorswrote.
Beginningin2006,somescientistshave 7 thatplantspossessneuron-likecellsthat
interact with hormones and neurotransmitters, 8 “a plant nervous system,
9 tothatinanimals,” said lead study author Lincoln Taiz. “ They 10
claimedthatplantshave‘brain-likecommandcenters’attheirroottips.”
This 11 makessenseifyou simplify theworkingsofacomplexbrain, 12
ittoanarrayofelectricalpulses;cellsinplantsalsocommunicatethroughelectricalsignals.
13 ,the signaling in a plant is only 14 similar to the firing in a complex
animalbrain,whichismorethan“amassofcellsthatcommunicatebyelectricity,”Taizsaid.
“ For consciousness to evolve,abrainwith a threshold 15 of complexity and
capacityisrequired,” he 16 .“ Sinceplantsdon’thavenervoussystems, the 17
thattheyhaveconsciousnessareeffectivelyzero.”
Andwhat’ssogreataboutconsciousness, anyway?Plantscan’trunawayfrom
18 ,so investingenergy inabodysystemwhich 19 a threat and can feel pain
wouldbeavery 20 evolutionarystrategy, accordingtothearticle.
第 1 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]coined [B]discovered [C]collected [D]issued
2.[A]attributed [B]directed [C]compared [D]confined
3.[A]Unless [B]When [C]Once [D]Though
4.[A]copedwith [B]consistedof [C]hintedat [D]extendedto
5.[A]suffers [B]benefits [C]develops [D]differs
6.[A]acceptance [B]evidence [C]cultivation [D]creation
7.[A]doubted [B]denied [C]argued [D]requested
8.[A]adapting [B]forming [C]repairing [D]testing
9.[A]analogous [B]essential [C]suitable [D]sensitive
10.[A]just [B]ever [C]still [D]even
11.[A]restriction [B]experiment [C]perspective [D]demand
12.[A]attaching [B]reducing [C]returning [D]exposing
13.[A]However [B]Moreover [C]Therefore [D]Otherwise
14.[A]temporarily [B]literally [C]superficially [D]imaginarily
15.[A]list [B]level [C]label [D]load
16.[A]recalled [B]agreed [C]questioned [D]added
17.[A]chances [B]risks [C]excuses [D]assumptions
18.[A]danger [B]failure [C]warning [D]control
19.[A]represents [B]includes [C]reveals [D]recognizes
20.[A]humble [B]poor [C]practical [D]easy
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Read thefollowing four texts. Answer thequestionsbeloweachtextby choosingA, B, C orD. Mark
your answersonANSWER SHEET1.(40points)
第 2 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
Text1
People often complain that plastics are too durable. Water bottles, shopping bags, and other
trash litter the planet, from Mount Everest to the Mariana Trench, because plastics are everywhere
and don’t break down easily. But some plastic materials change over time. They crack and frizzle.
They “weep” out additives. They melt into sludge. All of which creates huge headaches for
institutions, such asmuseums, trying to preserve culturallyimportant objects. Thevarietyof plastic
objects at risk is dizzying: early radios, avant-gardesculptures, celluloid animation stills from Disney
films,thefirstartificialheart.
Certainartifactsareespeciallyvulnerablebecausesomepioneersinplasticartdidn’talways know
how to mix ingredients properly, says Thea van Oosten, a polymer chemist who, until retiring a few
years ago, worked for decades at the Cultural Heritage Agency of the Netherlands (RCE). “It’s like
baking a cake: If you don’t have exact amounts, it goes wrong,” she says. “The object you make
isalreadyatimebomb.”
And sometimes, it’s not the artist’s fault. In the 1960s, the Italian artist Piero Gilardi began to
create hundreds of bright, colorful foam pieces. Thosepieces included small beds of roses and other
itemsaswellasafewdozen“ naturecarpets” —large rectangles decorated with foam pumpkins,
cabbages, and watermelons. He wanted viewers to walk around on the carpets—whichmeant they
hadtobedurable.
Unfortunately, the polyurethane foam he used is inherently unstable. It’s especially vulnerable
to light damage, and by the mid-1990s, Gilardi’s pumpkins, roses, and other figures were splitting
and crumbling. Museums locked some of them away in the dark.
So van Oosten and colleagues worked to preserve Gilardi’s sculptures. They infused some with
stabilizingandconsolidatingchemicals.VanOostencallsthosechemicals“ sunscreens” because
their goal was to prevent further lightdamage and rebuild worn polymer fibers. She is proud that
severalsculptureshaveevengoneondisplayagain,albeitsometimesbeneathprotectivecases.
Despite success stories like van Oosten’s, preservation of plastics will likelyget harder. Old
objects continue to deteriorate. Worse, biodegradable plastics,designed to disintegrate, are
increasinglycommon.
And more is at stake here than individual objects. Joana Lia Ferreira, anassistant professor of
conservation and restoration at the NOVA School of Science and Technology, notes that
archaeologists first defined the great material ages of human history—Stone Age, Iron Age, and so
on—after examining artifacts inmuseums. We now live in an age of plastic, she says, “and what we
decide tocollect today, what we decide to preserve...will have a strong impact on how inthe future
we’llbeseen.”
21.AccordingtoParagraph1,museumsarefacedwithdifficultiesin
[A]maintainingtheirplasticitems.
[B]obtainingdurableplasticartifacts.
[C]handlingoutdatedplasticexhibits.
[D]classifyingtheirplasticcollections.
第 3 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
22.VanOostenbelievesthatcertainplasticobjectsare
[A]immunetodecay.
[B]improperlyshaped.
[C]inherentlyflawed.
[D]complexinstructure.
23.MuseumsstoppedexhibitingsomeofGilardi’sartworksto
[A]keepthemfromhurtingvisitors.
[B]duplicatethemfor futuredisplay.
[C]havetheiringredientsanalyzed.
[D]preventthemfrom furtherdamage.
24.Theauthorthinksthatpreservationofplasticsis
[A]costly.
[B]unworthy.
[C]unpopular.
[D]challenging.
25.In Ferreira’sopinion,preservationofplasticartifacts
[A]willinspirefuturescientificresearch.
[B]hasprofoundhistoricalsignificance.
[C]willhelpusseparatethematerialages.
[D]hasanimpactontoday’sculturallife.
Text2
As the latest crop of students pen their undergraduate application form and weigh up their
options, it may be worth considering just how the point, purpose and value of a degree has changed
andwhatGenerationZneedtoconsiderastheystartthethirdstageoftheireducationaljourney.
Millennialsweretoldthatifyou didwellinschool,got a decentdegree, you wouldbeset up for
life. Butthatpromisehasbeenfoundwanting. Asdegreesbecame universal,theybecamedevalued.
Education was no longer a secure routeof social mobility. Today, 28 per cent of graduates in theUK
areinnon-graduateroles,apercentagewhichisdoubletheaverageamongtheOECDcountries.
This is not to say that there is no point in getting a degree, but rather stress that a degree is not
for everyone, that the switch from classroom to lecture hall is not an inevitable one and that other
optionsareavailable.
Thankfully, there are signs that this is already happening, with Generation Z seeking to learn
第 4 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
from their millennial predecessors, even if parents and teachers tend to be still set in the degree
mindset. Employers have long seen the advantages of hiring school leavers who often prove
themselves to be more committed and loyal employees than graduates. Many too are seeing the
advantagesofscrappingadegreerequirementfor certainroles.
For those for whom a degree is the desired route, consider that this may well be the first of
many. In this age of generalists, it pays to have specific knowledge or skills. Postgraduates now earn
40 per cent more than graduates. When more and more of us have a degree, it makes sense to have
two.
It is unlikely that Generation Z will be done with education at 18 or 21; they will need to be
constantly upskilling throughout their career to stay employable. It has been estimated that this
generation, due to the pressures of technology, the wish for personal fulfilment and desire for
diversity, will work for 17 different employers over the course of their working life and have five
different careers. Education, and not just knowledge gained on campus, will be a core part of
GenerationZ’scareertrajectory.
Older generations often talk about their degree in the present and personal tense: ‘I am a
geographer’ or ‘I am a classicist’. Their sons or daughters would never say such a thing; it’s as if
they already know that their degree won’t define them in the same way.
26.TheauthorsuggeststhatGenerationZshould
[A]becarefulinchoosingacollege.
[B]bediligentateacheducationalstage.
[C]reassessthenecessityofcollegeeducation.
[D]postponetheirundergraduateapplication.
27.ThepercentageofUKgraduatesinnon-graduaterolesreflects
[A]Millennial’sopinionaboutwork.
[B]theshrinkingvalueofadegree.
[C]publicdiscontentwitheducation.
[D]thedesiredrouteofsocialmobility.
28.Theauthorconsidersitagood signthat
[A]GenerationZareseekingtoearnadecentdegree.
[B]schoolleaversarewillingtobeskilledworkers.
[C]employersaretakingarealisticattitudetodegree.
[D]parentsarechanging theirmindsabouteducation.
29.ItisadvisedinParagraph5thatthosewithonedegreeshould
[A]makeanearlydecisionontheircareer.
[B]attendon-the-jobtrainingprograms.
第 5 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
[C]teamupwithhigh-paidpostgraduates.
[D]furthertheirstudiesinaspecificfield.
30.WhatcanbeconcludedaboutGenerationZfromthelasttwoparagraphs?
[A]Lifelonglearningwilldefinethem.
[B]Theywillmakequalifiededucators.
[C]Degreeswillnolongerappealthem.
[D]Theywillhavealimitedchoiceofjobs.
Text3
Enlightening, challenging, stimulating, fun. These were some of the words that Nature readers
used to describe their experience of art-science collaborations in a series of articles on partnerships
between artists and researchers. Nearly 40% of the roughly 350 people who responded to an
accompanying poll said, they had collaborated with artists; and almost all said they would consider
doing so in future.
Suchanencouragingresultisnotsurprising. Scientistsareincreasingly seekingoutvisualartists
to help them communicate their work to new audiences. “Artists help scientists reach a broader
audienceandmakeemotionalconnectionsthatenhancelearning,”onerespondentsaid.
One example of how artists and scientists have together rocked the scenes came last month
when theSydneySymphony Orchestra performed areworked version of Antonio Vivaldi’s The Four
Seasons. They reimagined the 300-year-old score by injecting the latest climate prediction data for
each season—provided by Monash University’s Climate Change Communication Research Hub. The
performance was a creative call to action ahead of November’s United Nations Climate Change
ConferenceinGlasgow, UK.
But a genuine partnership must be a two-way street. Fewer artists than scientists responded to
the Nature poll, however, several respondents noted that artists do not simply assist scientists with
their communication requirements. Nor should their work be considered only as an object of study.
The alliances are most valuable when scientists and artists have a shared stake in a project, are able
to jointly design it and can critique each other’s work. Such an approach can both prompt new
researchaswellasresultinpowerfulart.
More than half a century ago, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology opened its Center for
Advanced Visual Studies (CAVS) to explore the role of technology in culture. The founders
deliberately focused their projects around light—hence the “visual studies” in the name. Light
was a something that both artists and scientists had an interest in, and therefore could form the basis
of collaboration. As science and technology progressed, and divided into more sub-disciplines, the
centre was simultaneously looking to a time when leading researchers could also be artists, writers
andpoets, andviceversa.
Nature’s poll findings suggest that this trend is as strong as ever, but, tomake a collaboration
work, both sides need to invest time, and embrace surprise and challenge. The reach of art-science
tie-ups needs to go beyond the necessary purpose of research communication, and participants must
not fall into the trap of stereotyping each other. Artistsand scientistsalike are immersed in discovery
andinvention,andchallenge andcritiquearecoretoboth,too.
第 6 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
31.Accordingto Paragraph1,art-sciencecollaborationshave
[A]caughttheattentionofcritics.
[B]receivedfavorableresponses.
[C]promotedacademicpublishing.
[D]sparkedheatedpublicdisputes.
32.ThereworkedversionofTheFourSeasonsismentionedtoshowthat
[A]artcanoff eraudienceseasyaccesstoscience.
[B]sciencecanhelpwiththeexpressionofemotions.
[C]publicparticipationinsciencehasapromisingfuture.
[D]artiseffectiveinfacilitatingscientificinnovations.
33.Someartistsseemtoworryaboutintheart-sciencepartnership
[A]theirrolemaybeunderestimated.
[B]theirreputationmaybeimpaired.
[C]theircreativitymaybeinhibited.
[D]theirworkmaybemisguided.
34.WhatdoestheauthorsayaboutCAYS?
[A]Itwasheadedalternatelybyartistsandscientists.
[B]Itexemplifiedvaluableart-sciencealliances.
[C]Itsprojectsaimedatadvancingvisualstudies.
[D]Itsfounderssoughttoraisethestatusofartists.
35.In thelastparagraph,theauthorholdsthatart-sciencecollaborations
[A]arelikelytogobeyondpublicexpectations.
[B]willintensifyinterdisciplinarycompetition.
[C]shoulddomorethancommunicatingscience.
[D]arebecomingmorepopularthanbefore.
Text4
The personal grievance provisions of New Zealand’s Employment Relations Act 2000 (ERA)
prevent an employer from firing an employee without good cause. Instead, dismissals must be
justified.Employersmustbothshowcauseandactinaprocedurallyfairway.
Personal grievance procedures were designed to guard the jobs of ordinary workers from
“unjustified dismissals”. The premise was that the common law of contract lacked sufficient
safeguards for workers against arbitrary conduct by management. Long gone are the days when a
bosscould simplygiveanemployeecontractualnotice.
第 7 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
But these provisions createdifficulties for businesseswhen applied to highly paid managers and
executives. As countless boards and business owners will attest, constraining firms from firing
poorly performing, high-earning managers is a handbrake on boosting productivity and overall
performance. The difference between C-grade and A-grade managers may very well be the
difference between business success or failure. Between preserving the jobs of ordinary workers or
losingthem.Yetmediocrityisnolongerenoughtojustifyadismissal.
Consequently—andparadoxically—lawsintroducedtoprotectthejobsofordinaryworkersmay
beplacingthosejobsatrisk.
If not placing jobs at risk, to the extent employment protection laws constrain business owners
from dismissing under-performing managers, those laws act as a constraint on firm productivity and
therefore on workers’ wages. Indeed, in “An International Perspective on New Zealand’s
Productivity Paradox” (2014), the Productivity Commission singled out the low quality of
managerialcapabilitiesasacauseofthecountry’spoorproductivitygrowthrecord.
Nor are highly paid managers themselves immune from the harm caused by the ERA’S
unjustified dismissal procedures. Because employment protection laws make it costlier to fire an
employee, employers are more cautious about hiring new staff. This makes it harder for the marginal
manager to gain employment. And firms pay staff less because firms carry the burden of the
employmentarrangementgoingwrong.
Society also suffers from excessive employment protections. Stringent job dismissal regulations
adverselyaffectproductivitygrowthandhamperbothprosperityandoverallwell-being.
Across the Tasman Sea, Australia deals with the unjustified dismissal paradox by excluding
employees earning above a specified “high-income threshold” from the protection of its unfair
dismissal laws. In New Zealand, a 2016 private members’ Bill tried to permit firms and high-income
employees to contract out of the unjustified dismissal regime. However, the mechanisms proposed
wereunwieldyandtheBillwasvoteddownfollowingthechangeingovernmentlaterthatyear.
36.ThepersonalgrievanceprovisionsoftheERAareintendedto
[A]punishdubiouscorporatepractices.
[B]improvetraditionalhiringprocedures.
[C]exemptemployersfromcertainduties.
[D]protecttherightsofordinaryworkers.
37.ItcanbelearnedfromParagraph3thattheprovisionsmay
[A]hinderbusinessdevelopment.
[B]underminemanagers’authority.
[C]affectthepublicimage ofthefirms.
[D]worsenlabor-managementrelations.
38.WhichofthefollowingmeasureswouldtheProductivityCommissionsupport?
[A]Imposingreasonablewagerestraints.
[B]Enforcingemploymentprotectionlaws.
[C]Limitingthepowersofbusinessowners.
[D]Dismissingpoorlyperformingmanagers.
第 8 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
39.WhatmightbeaneffectofERA’sunjustifieddismissalprocedures?
[A]Highlypaidmanagerslosetheirjobs.
[B]Employeessufferfromsalarycuts.
[C]Societyseesariseinoverallwell-being.
[D]Employersneedtohirenewstaff.
40.Itcanbeinferredthatthe“ high-incomethreshold ”inAustralia
[A]hassecuredmanagers’earnings.
[B]hasproducedundesiredresults.
[C]isbeneficialtobusinessowners.
[D]isdifficulttoputintopractice
PartB
Directions:
In the following text, there are five people’s opinions about Emma Manis’s article “ The Case
Against Zoos”. For Questions41-45, choosethe beststatement from the listA-G to summarize each
numberedperson’sopinion. Therearetwoextrachoiceswhichdo notfit inanyoftheblanks.Mark
youranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
(41)TeriByrd:
I was a zoo and wildlife park employee for years. Both the wildlife park and zoo claimed to be
operating for the benefit of the animals and for conservation purposes. This claim was false. Neither
one of them actually participated in any contributions to animal research or conservation. They are
profitableinstitutionswhosebottomlineismuchmoreimportantthantheconditionoftheanimals.
Animalsdespisebeingcaptivesinzoos. Nomatterhow you “enhance” enclosures, they do
not allow for freedom, a natural diet or adequate exercise. Animals end up stressed and unhealthy or
dead. It’s past time for transparency with these institutions, and it’s past time to eliminate zoos from
ourculture.
(42)KarenR.Sime:
As a zoology professor, I agree with Emma Marris that zoo displays can be sad and cruel. But
sheunderestimatestheeducationalvalueofzoos.
The zoology program at my university attracts students for whom zoo visits were the crucial
formative experience that led them to major in biological sciences. These are mostly students who
had no opportunity as children to travel to wilderness areas, wildlife refuges or national parks.
Although good TV shows can help stir children’s interest in conservation, they cannot replace the
excitement of a zoo visit as an intense, immersive and interactive experience. Surely there must be
somemiddlegroundthatbalanceszoos’treatmentofanimalswiththeireducationalpotential.
(43)GregNewberry:
Emma Marris’s article is an insult and a disservice to the thousands of passionate people who
第 9 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
work tirelessly toimprove thelivesof animalsandprotectour planet.She usesoutdatedresearchand
decades-old examples to undermine the noble mission of organizations committed to connecting
childrentoaworldbeyondtheirown.
Zoos are at the forefront of conservation and constantly evolving to improve how they care for
animals and protect each species in its natural habitat. Are there tragedies? Of course. But they are
the exception, not the norm that Ms. Marris implies. A distressed animal in a zoo will get as good or
bettertreatmentthanmostofusatourlocalhospital.
(44)DeanGallea:
As a fellow environmentalist, animal-protection advocate and longtime vegetarian, I could
properly be in the same camp as Emma Marrison the issue of zoos. But I believe that well-run zoos,
and the heroic animals that suffer their captivity, do serve a higher purpose. Were it not for
opportunities to observe these beautiful, wild creatures close to home, many more people would be
drivenbytheirfascinationtotraveltowildareastoseekout,disturbandevenhuntthemdown.
Zoosare,inthatsense,similartonaturalhistoryandarcheology museums, serving tosatisfyour
need for contact with these living creatures while leaving the vast majority undisturbed in their
naturalenvironments.
(45)JohnFraser:
Emma Marris selectively describes and misrepresents the findings of our research. Our studies
focused on the impact of zoo experiences on how people think about themselves and nature, and the
datapointsextractedfromourstudiesdonot,inanyway, discountwhatislearnedinazoo visit.
Zoos are tools for thinking. Our research provides strong support for the value of zoos in
connecting people with animals and with nature. Zoos provide a critical voice for conservation and
environmental protection. They afford anopportunity for peoplefrom allbackgrounds to encounter a
range of animals, from drone bees to springbok or salmon, to better understand the natural world we
livein.
[A] Zoos which spare no effort to take care of animals should not be subjected to
unfair criticism.
[B]To pressure zoos to spend less on their animals would lead to inhumane outcomes for the
preciouscreaturesintheircare.
[C] While animals in captivity deserve sympathy, zoos play a significant role in starting
young peopledownthepathofrelatedsciences.
[D] Zoossavepeopletripstowildernessareasandthuscontributetowildlifeconservation.
［E］Forwildanimalsthatcannotbereturnedtotheirnaturalhabitats, zoosofferthebestalternative.
［F］ Zoosshouldhavebeencloseddownastheyprioritizemoneymakingoveranimals’wellbeing.
［G］ Marris distorts our findings which actually prove that zoos serve as an indispensable link
betweenmanandnature.
第 10 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
PartC
Directions:
Readthefollowingtextcarefullyandthentranslatetheunderlined segmentsintoChinese.Writeyour
answersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
Between 1807 and 1814 the lberian Peninsula (comprising Spain and Portugal) was the sceneof
a titanic and merciless struggle. It took place on many different planes: between Napoleon’s French
army and the angry inhabitants; between the British, ever keen to exacerbate the emperor’s
difficulties, and the marshals sent from Paris to try to keep them in check; between new forces of
scienceandmeritocracyandoldonesofconservatismandbirth.(46)It wasalso,andthisisunknown
even to many people well read about the period, a battle between those who made codes and those
whobrokethem.
I first discovered the Napoleonic cryptographic battle a few years ago when I was reading Sir
Charles Oman’s epic History of the Peninsular War. In volume V he had attached an appendix, The
Scovell Ciphers. (47) It listed many documents in code that had been captured from the French army
of Spain, and whose secrets had been revealed by the work of one George Scovell , an officer in
British headquarters. Oman rated Scovell’s significance highly, but at the same time, the general
nature of his History meant that (48) he could not analyze carefully what this obscure officer may or
may not have contributed to that great struggle between nations or indeed tell us anything much
about the man himself. I was keen to read more, but was surprised to find that Oman’s appendix,
publishedin1914,wastheonlyconsideredthingthathadbeenwrittenaboutthissecretwar.
I became convinced that this story was every bit as exciting and significant as that of Enigma
andthebreakingofGermancodesintheSecondWorldWar.Thequestionwas,coulditbetold?
Studying Scovell’s papers at the Public Record Office, London, I found that he had left an
extensive journal and copious notes about his work in the peninsula. What was more, many original
French dispatches had been preserved in this collection, which I realized was priceless. (49) There
may have been many spies and intelligence officers during the Napoleonic Wars, but it is usually
extremelydifficulttofind thematerialtheyactuallyprovidedorworkedon.
As I researched Scovell’s story I found far more of interest besides his intelligence work. His
status in Lord Wellington’s headquarters and the recognition given to him for his work were all
bound up with the class politics of the army at the time. His tale of self-improvement and hard work
would make a fascinating biography in its own right, but represents something more than that. (50)
Justasthecodebreakinghasitswiderrelevanceinthestrugglefor Spain,sohisattemptstomakehis
wayupthepromotionladderspeakvolumesaboutBritishsociety.
Section III Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
Write an email to a professor at a British university, inviting him/her to organize a team for the
internationalinnovationcontesttobeheldatyouruniversity.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownname.Use“LiMing”instead.(10points)
第 11 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn
PartB
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the picture below. In your essay, you
should
1)describethepicturebriefly,
2)explainitsintendedmeaning, and
3)giveyour comments.
YoushouldwriteneatlyontheANSWERSHEET.(20points)
第 12 页 共 12 页
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2022年 英语二 (来源: 2022-2.pdf)
2022年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（二）试题
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
Harlan Coben believes that if you’re a writer, you’ll find the time; and that if
you can’t find the time, then writing isn’t a priority and you’re not a writer. For him
writingisa 1 job—ajoblikeanyother.Hehas 2 it with plumbing,
pointing out that a plumber doesn’t wake up and say that he can’t work with pipes
today.
3 , likemost writers thesedays, you’re holding down a job to pay thebills,
it’snot 4 to find the time to write. But it’s not impossible. It requires
determinationandsingle-mindedness. 5 that most bestselling authors began
writing when they were doing other things to earn a living. And today, even writers
who are fairly 6 often havetodootherworkto 7 theirwritingincome.
AsHarlanCobenhassuggested,it’sa 8 of priorities. To make writing a
priority,you’llhaveto 9 some of your day-to-day activities and some things
you reallyenjoy. Dependingonyour 10 and your lifestyle, that might mean
spending less time watching television or listening to music, though some people
can write 11 they listen tomusic.Youmighthaveto 12 the amount of
exerciseorsportyou do.You’llhavetomakesocialmediaan 13 activity rather
thanadaily,time-consuming 14 . There’ll probably have to be less socialising
withyour friendsandlesstimewithyourfamily.Ifs a 15 learning curve and it
won’talwaysmakeyou popular.
There’s just one thing you should try to keep at least some time for, 16
your writing—andthat’sreading. Any writerneeds toread asmuch andaswidely as
theycan;it’stheone 17 supporter—somethingyou can’tdowithout.
Timeisfinite.Theolderyouget,the 18 it seems to go. We need to use
itascarefullyandas 19 as we can, that means prioritising our activities so that
we spend most time on the things we really want to do. If you're a writer, that
means— 20 writing.
第 1 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]difficult [B]normal [C]steady [D]pleasant
2.[A]combined [B]compared [C]confused [D]confronted
3.[A]If [B]Though [C]Once [D]Unless
4.[A]enough [B]strange [C]wrong [D]easy
5.[A]Accept [B]Explain [C]Remember [D]Suppose
6.[A]well-known [B]well-advised [C]well-informed [D]well-chosen
7.[A]donate [B]generate [C]supplement [D]calculate
8.[A]cause [B]purpose [C]question [D]condition
9.[A]highlight [B]sacrifice [C]continue [D]explore
10.[A]relations [B]interests [C]memories [D]skills
11.[A]until [B]because [C]while [D]before
12.[A]putupwith [B]makeupfor [C]hangonto [D]cutdownon
13.[A]intelligent [B]occasional [C]intensive [D]emotional
14.[A]habit [B]test [C]decision [D]plan
15.[A]tough [B]gentle [C]rapid [D]funny
16.[A]inplaceof [B]incharge of [C]inresponseto [D]inadditionto
17.[A]indispensable [B]innovative [C]invisible [D]instant
18.[A]duller [B]harder [C]quieter [D]quicker
19.[A]peacefully [B]generously [C]productively [D]gratefully
20.[A]atmost [B]inturn [C]onaverage [D]aboveall
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A,
B,CorD.Markyour answersontheANSWER SHEET.(40points)
第 2 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
Text1
On a recent sunny day, 13,000 chickens roam over Larry Brown’s 40
windswept acres in Shiner, Texas. Some rest in the shade of a parked car. Others
drink water withthe cows. Thisall seems random, butit's by design, part of what the
$6.1billionU.S.egg industrybetswillbeitsnextbigthing:climate-friendlyeggs.
These eggs, which are making their debut now on shelves for as much as $ 8 a
dozen, are still labeled organic and animal-friendly, but they’re also from birds that
live on farms using regenerative agriculture—special techniquestocultivate richsoils
that can trap greenhouse gases. Such eggs could be marketed as helping to fight
climatechange.
“I’m excited about our progress,” says Brown, who harvests eggs for Denver-
based Nest Fresh Eggs and is adding more cover crops that draw worms and crickets
for the chickens to eat. The birds’ waste then fertilizes fields. Such improvements
“allow our hens to forage for higher-quality natural feed that will be good for the
land,the hens,andtheeggsthatwesupplytoourcustomers.”
The egg industry’s push is the first major test of whether animal products from
regenerative farms can become the next premium offering. In barely more than a
decade, organic eggs went from being dismissed as a niche product in natural foods
stores to being sold at Walmart. More recently there were similar doubts about
probiotics and plant-based meats, but both have exploded into major supermarket
categories. If the sustainable-egg rollout is successful, it could open the floodgates
for regenerativebeef, broccoli,andbeyond.
Regenerative products could be a hard sell, because the concept is tough to
define quickly, says Julie Stanton, associate professor of agricultural economics at
PennsylvaniaStateUniversity Brandywine.Such farmingalsobringsminimal, ifany,
improvement to the food products (though some producers say their eggs have more
protein).
The industry is betting that the same consumers paying more for premium
attributes such as free-range, non-GMO, and pasture-raised eggs will embrace
sustainability. Surveys show that younger generations are more concerned about
climate change, and some of the success of plant-based meat can be chalked up to
shoppers wanting to signal their desire to protect the environment. Young adults “
第 3 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
reallycareabouttheplanet,”saysJohnBrunnquell,presidentofEggInnovations. “
They are absolutely altering the food chain beyond what I think even they
understandwhatthey’redoing.”
21.Theclimate-friendlyeggsare produced
[A]ataconsiderablylowcost.
[B]atthedemandofregularshoppers.
[C]asareplacementfor organiceggs.
[D]onspeciallydesignedfarms.
22.LarryBrownisexcitedabouthisprogressin
[A]reducingthedamageofworms.
[B]acceleratingthedisposalofwaste.
[C]creatingasustainablesystem.
[D]attractingcustomerstohisproducts.
23.TheexampleoforganiceggsisusedinParagraph4tosuggest
[A]thedoubtsover naturalfeeds.
[B]thesetbacksintheeggindustry.
[C]thepotentialofregenerativeproducts.
[D]thepromotionalsuccessofsupermarkets.
24.Itcanbelearnedfromthelastparagraphthatyoungpeople
[A]arereluctanttochange theirdiet.
[B]arelikelytobuyclimate-friendlyeggs.
[C]arecuriousaboutnewfood.
[D]areamazedatagricultureadvances.
25.John Brunnquell would disagree with Julie Stanton over regenerative
products’
[A]marketprospects.
[B]standarddefinition.
[C]nutritionalvalue.
[D]moralimplication.
第 4 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
Text2
More Americans are opting to work well into retirement, a growing trend that
threatenstoupendtheoldworkforcemodel.
One in three Americans who are at least 40 have or plan to have a job in
retirement to prepare for a longer life, according to a survey conducted by Harris Poll
forTDAmeritrade.Even moresurprising isthat more than halfof“unretirees”—those
whoplantoworkinretirementorwentbacktoworkafterretiring—saidtheywouldbe
employedintheirlateryearseveniftheyhadenoughmoneytosettledown,thesurvey
showed.
Financial needs aren’t the only culprit for the “unretirement” trend. Other
reasons, according to the study, include personal fulfillment such as staying mentally
fit, preventing boredom or avoiding depression. About 72% of “unretiree”
respondents said that they would return to work once retired to keep mentally fit
while59%saiditwouldbetiedtomakingendsmeet.
“The concept of retirement is evolving,” said Christine Russell, senior manager
of retirement at TD Ameritrade. “It’s not just about finances. The value of work is
alsodrivingfolkstocontinueworkingpastretirement.”
One reason for the change in retirement patterns: Americans are living longer.
The share of the population 65 and older was 16% in 2018, up 32% from the prior
year, according to the US. Census Bureau. That’s also up 302% since 2010. Older
Americans are also the fastest-growing segment of the US. workforce, and boomers
are expected to live longer than previous generations. The percentage of
retirement-age people in the labor force has doubled over the past three decades.
About 20% of people 65 and older were in the workforce in February, up from an
all-timelowof10%inJanuary1985,accordingtomoneymanagerUnitedIncome.
Because of longer life spans, Americans are also boosting their savings to
preserve their nest eggs, the TD Ameritrade study showed, which surveyed 2000
adults between 40 to 79. Six in 10 “unretirees” are increasing their savings in
anticipation of a longer life, according to the survey. Among the most popular ways
they are doing this, the company said, is by reducing their overall expenses, securing
lifeinsuranceormaximizingtheircontributionstoretirementaccounts.
Unfortunately,manypeoplewhoareoptingtoworkinretirementarepreparingto
do so because they are worried about making ends meet in their later years, saidBrent
Weiss, a co-founder at Baltimore-based financial-planning firm Facet Wealth. He
suggested that preretirees should speak with a financial adviser to set long-term
financialgoals.
“Themostchallengingmomentsinlifearegettingmarried,startingafamilyand
第 5 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
ultimately retiring,” Weiss said. “It’s not just a financial decision, but an emotional
one.Manypeoplebelievetheycan’tretire”
26.ThesurveyconductedbyHarrisPollindicatesthat
[A]overhalfoftheretireesarephysicallyfitfor work.
[B]theoldworkforceisasactiveastheyoungerone.
[C]oneinthreeAmericansenjoyearlierretirement.
[D]moreAmericansarewillingtoworkinretirement.
27.ItcanbeinferredfromParagraph3thatAmericanstendtothinkthat
[A]retirementmaycauseproblemsfor them.
[B]boredomcanberelievedafterretirement.
[C]thementalhealthofretireesisoverlooked.
[D]“unretirement”contributestotheeconomy.
28.Retirementpatternsarechangingpartlydueto
[A]laborshortage.
[B]populationgrowth.
[C]longerlifeexpectancy.
[D]risinglivingcosts.
29.Many “unretirees”areincreasingtheirsavingsby
[A]investingmoreinstocks.
[B]takingupoddjobs.
[C]gettingwell-paidwork.
[D]spendingless.
30.Withregardtoretirement,BrentWeissthinksthatmanypeopleare
[A]unprepared.
[B]unafraid.
[C]disappointed.
[D]enthusiastic.
第 6 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
Text3
We have all encountered them, in both our personal and professional lives.
Think about the times you felt tricked or frustrated by a membership or subscription
that had a seamless sign-up process but was later difficult to cancel. Something that
should besimpleandtransparentcanbecomplicated,intentionallyorunintentionally,
inwaysthatimpairconsumerchoice.Theseareexamplesofdarkpatterns.
First coined in 2010 by user experience expert Harry Brignull, “ dark patterns”
is a catch-all term for practices that manipulate user interfaces to influence the
decision-making ability of users. Brignull identifies 12 types of common dark
patterns, ranging from misdirection and hidden costs to “roach motel,” where a user
experience seems easy and intuitive at the start, but turns difficult when the user
triestoget out.
In a 2019 study of 53,000product pages and11,000 websites, researchersfound
that about one in 10 employs these design practices. Though widely prevalent, the
concept o f dark patterns is still not well understood. Business and nonprofit leaders
shouldbeawareofdarkpatternsandtrytoavoidthegrayareastheyengender.
Where is the line between ethical, persuasive design and dark patterns?
Businessesshouldengage inconversationswithIT,compliance,risk, andlegalteams
to review their privacy policy, and include in the discussion the customer/user
experiencedesignersandcodersresponsiblefor thecompany’suserinterface,aswell
as the marketers and advertisers responsible for sign-ups, checkout baskets, pricing,
and promotions. Any or all these teams can play a role in creating or avoiding
“digitaldeception.”
Lawmakers and regulators are slowly starting to address the ambiguity around
dark patterns, most recently at the state level. In March, the California Attorney
General announcedtheapprovalofadditionalregulationsundertheCaliforniaConsumer
PrivacyAct (CCPA) that“ensurethatconsumers willnot be confusedor misledwhen
seekingtoexercise theirdataprivacyrights.”Theregulationsaimtobandarkpatterns—
this means prohibiting companies from using u confusing language or unnecessary
steps such as forcing them to click through multiple screens or listen to reasons why
theyshouldn’toptout.”
As more states consider promulgating additional regulations, there is a need for
greateraccountability fromwithinthebusinesscommunity. Darkpatternsalsocanbe
addressed on a self-regulatory basis, but only if organizations hold themselves
第 7 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
accountable, not just to legal requirements but also to industry best practices and
standards.
31.Itcanbelearnedfromthefirsttwoparagraphsthatdarkpatterns
[A]improveuserexperiences
[B]leakuserinformationfor profit
[C]undermineusers’decision-making
[D]remindusersofhiddencosts
32.The2019studyondarkpatternsismentionedtoshow
[A]theirmajorflaws
[B]theircomplexdesigns
[C]theirseveredamage
[D]theirstrongpresence
33.Tohandledigitaldeception,businessesshould
[A]listentocustomerfeedback
[B]talkwithrelevantteams
[C]turntoindependentagencies
[D]relyonprofessionaltraining
34.TheadditionalregulationsundertheCCPAareintendedto
[A]guideusersthrough opt-outprocesses
[B]protectconsumersfrom beingtricked
[C]grantcompaniesdataprivacyrights
[D]restrictaccesstoproblematiccontent
35.Accordingtothelastparagraph,akeytocopingwithdarkpatternsis
[A]newlegalrequirements
[B]businesses’self-discipline
[C]strictregulatorystandards
[D]consumers’safetyawareness
第 8 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Although ethics classes are common around the world, scientists are unsure if
their lessons can actually change behavior; evidence either way is weak, relying on
contrived laboratory tests or sometimes unreliable self-reports. But a new study
published in Cognition found that, in at least one real-world situation, a single ethics
lessonmayhavehadlastingeffects.
The researchers investigated one class session’s impact on eating meat. They
chose this particular behavior for three reasons, according to study co-author Eric
Schwitzgebel, a philosopher at the University of California, Riverside: students’
attitudes on the topic are variable and unstable, behavior is easily measurable, and
ethics literature largely agrees that eating less meat is good because it reduces
environmental harm and animal suffering. Half of the students in four large
philosophy classes read an article on the ethics of factory-farmed meat, optionally
watched an 11-minute video on the topic and joined a 50-minute discussion. The
other half focused on charitable giving instead. Then, unknown to the students, the
researchers studied their anonymized meal-card purchases for that semester—nearly
14,000receiptsforalmost500students.
Schwitzgebelpredictedtheinterventionwould havenoeffect;hehadpreviously
found that ethics professors do not differ from other professors on a range of
behaviors, including voting rates, blood donation and returning library books. But
among student subjects who discussed meat ethics, meal purchases containing meat
decreased from 52 to 45 percent—and this effect held steady for the study’s duration
ofseveralweeks.Purchasesfromtheothergroup remainedat52percent.
“That’s actually a pretty large effect for a pretty small intervention,”
Schwitzgebelsays. PsychologistNinaStrohminger attheUniversityof Pennsylvania,
who was not involved in the study, says she wants the effect to be real but cannot
rule out some unknown confounding variable. And if real, she notes, it might be
reversiblebyanothernudge:“Easycome,easygo.”
Schwitzgebel suspects the greatest impact came from social influence-
classmates or teaching assistants leading the discussions may have shared their own
vegetarianism, showing it as achievable or more common. Second, the video may
have had an emotional impact. Least rousing, he thinks, was rational argument,
although his co-authors say reason might play a bigger role. Now the researchers are
probing the specific effects of teaching style, teaching assistants’ eating habits and
students’ video exposure. Meanwhile, Schwitzgebel—who had predicted no
第 9 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
effect—willbeeatinghiswords.
36.Scientistsgenerallybelievethattheeffectsofethicsclassesare
[A]hardtodetermine.
[B]narrowlyinterpreted.
[C]difficulttoignore.
[D]poorlysummarized.
37.Whichofthefollowingisareasonfor theresearcherstostudymeateating?
[A]Itiscommonamongstudents.
[B]Itisabehavioreasytomeasure.
[C]Itisimportanttostudents’health.
[D]Itisahottopicinethicsclasses.
38.EricSchwitzgebel’spreviousfindingssuggestthatethicsprofessors
[A]areseldomcriticaloftheirstudents.
[B]arelesssociablethanotherprofessors.
[C]arenotsensitivetopoliticalissues.
[D]arenotnecessarilyethicallybetter.
39.NinaStrohmingerthinksthattheeffectoftheinterventionis
[A]permanent.
[B]predictable.
[C]uncertain.
[D]unrepeatable.
40.EricSchwitzgebelsuspectsthatthestudents’changeinbehavior
[A]canbringpsychologicalbenefits.
[B]canbeanalyzedstatistically.
[C]isaresultofmultiplefactors.
[D]isasign ofself-development.
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
第 10 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
subheading from the list A -G for each numbered paragraph (41 - 45). There are two
extra subheadings which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the
ANSWER SHEET.(10points)
[A]MakeIt aHabit.
[B]Don’tGoItAlone.
[C]StartLow, GoSlow.
[D]TalkWithYourDoctor.
［E］ListentoYourBody.
［F］GoThroughtheMotions.
［G］RoundOutYourRoutine.
HowtoGetActiveAgain
Gettingbackintoexercisecanbea challengeinthebestoftimes, butwithgyms
and in-person exercise classes off-limits to many people these days, it can be tricky
to know where to start. And it’s important to get the right dose of activity. “Too
much too soon either results in injury or burnout,” says Mary Yoke, PhD, a faculty
member in the kinesiology department at Indiana University in Bloomington. The
followingsimplestrategieswillhelpyou returntoexercisesafelyafterabreak.
41.
Don’t try to go back to what you were doing before your break. If you were
walking 3 miles a day, playing 18 holes of golf three times a week, or lifting
10-pound dumbbells for three sets of 10 reps, reduce activity to half a mile every
other day, or nine holes of golf once a week with short walks on other days, or use
5-pound dumbbells for one set of 10 reps. Increase time, distance, and intensity
gradually. “This isn’t something you can do overnight,” says Keri L. Denay, MD,
lead author of a recent American College of Sports Medicine advisory that
encourages Americans to not overlook the benefits of activity during the pandemic.
Butyou willreapbenefitssuchaslessanxietyandimprovesleeprightaway.
42.
If you’re breathing too hard to talk in complete sentences, back off. If you feel
good, go a little longer or faster. Feeling wiped out after a session? Go easier next
第 11 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
time. And stay alert to serious symptoms, such as chest pain or pressure, severe
shortness of breath or dizziness, or faintness, and seek medical attention
immediately.
43.
Consistency is the key to getting stronger and building endurance and stamina.
Ten minutes of activity per day is a good start, says Marcus Jackovitz, DPT, a
physical therapist at theUniversity of Miami Hospital. All the experts we spoke with
highly recommend walking because ifs the easiest, most accessible form of exercise.
Althoughit canbe a workout on its own, if your goal is to get back to Zumba classes,
tennis, cycling, oranyotheractivity, walkingisalsoagreatfirststep.
44.
Even if you can’t yet do a favorite activity, you can practice the moves. With or
without a club or racket, swing like you’re hitting the ball. Paddle like you’re in a
kayak or canoe. Mimic your favorite swimming strokes. The action will remind you
of the joy the activity brought you and prime your muscles for when you can get out
thereagain.
45.
Exercising with others “can keep you accountable and make it more fun, so
you’re more likely to do it again,” Jackovitz says. You can do activities such as golf
and tennis or take a walk with others and stillbe socially distant. But when you can’t
connect in person, consider using technology. Chat on the phone with a friend while
you walk around your neighborhood. FaceTime with a relative as you strength train
orstretchathome.Youcanalsojoinalivestreamoron-demandexerciseclass.
第 12 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46.Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the
ANSWER SHEET.(15points)
Although we try our best, sometimes our paintings rarely turn out as originally
planned. Changes in the light, the limitations of your painting materials, and the lack
of experience and technique mean that what you start out trying to achieve may not
come tolifethewaythatyou expected.
Although this can be frustrating and disappointing, it turns out that this can
actually be good for you. Unexpected results have two benefits: you pretty quickly
learn to deal with disappointment, and realise that when one door closes, another
opens. You also quickly learn to adapt and come up with creative solutions to the
problems the painting presents, and thinking outside the box will become your
secondnature.
In fact, creative problem-solving skills are incredibly useful in daily life, with
whichyou’remorelikelytobeabletofind asolutionwhenaproblemarises.
Section III Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Suppose you are planning a campus food festival. Write an e-mail to the
internationalstudentsinyouruniversityto
1)introducethefood festival,and
2)invitethemtoparticipate.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownname.Use“LiMing”instead.(10points)
PartB
48.Directions:
第 13 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn
Writeanessaybasedonthefollowingchart.In yourwriting, you should
1)interpretthechart,and
2)giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
第 14 页 共 14 页
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2021年 英语一 (来源: 2021-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2021年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section Ⅰ Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Fluid intelligence is the type of intelligence that has to do with short-term
memory and the ability to think quickly, logically, and abstractly in order to
solve new problems.It 1 in young adulthood, levels out for a period of
time, and then 2 starts to slowly decline as we age. But 3 aging is
inevitable, scientists are finding out that certain changes in brain function may
not be.
One study found that muscle loss and the 4 of body fat around the
abdomen are associated with a decline in fluid intelligence. This suggests the
5 that lifestyle factors might help prevent or 6 this type of decline.
The researchers looked at data that 7 measurements of lean muscle
and abdominal fat from more than 4,000 middle-to-older-aged men and women
and 8 that data to reported changes in fluid intelligence over a six-year
period. They found that middle-aged people 9 higher measures of
abdominal fat 10 worse on measures of fluid intelligence as the years 11
.
For women, the association may be 12 to changes in immunity that
resulted from excess abdominal fat; in men, the immune system did not appear
to be 13 . It is hoped that future studies could 14 these differences
and perhaps lead to different 15 for men and women.
16 , there are steps you can 17 to help reduce abdominal fat and
maintain lean muscle mass as you age in order to protect both your physical
and mental 18 The two highly recommended lifestyle approaches are
maintaining or increasing your 19 of aerobic exercise and following a
Mediterranean-style 20 that is high in fiber and eliminates highly
processed foods.
.1.
pastpapers.cn
1. [A] pauses [B] peaks [C] returns [D] fades
2. [A] alternatively [B] formally [C] generally [D] accidentally
3. [A] until [B] since [C] once [D] while
4. [A] accumulation [B] detection [C] consumption [D] separation
5. [A] requirement [B] decision [C] goal [D] possibility
6. [A] utilize [B] ensure [C] seek [D] delay
7. [A] modified [B] included [C] supported [D] predicted
8. [A] compared [B] devoted [C] converted [D] applied
9. [A] against [B] above [C] by [D] with
10.[A] lived [B] scored [C] managed [D] played
11.[A] ran out [B] set off [C] went by [D] drew in
12.[A] attributable [B] superior [C] parallel [D] resistant
13.[A] restored [B] involved [C] isolated [D] controlled
14.[A] alter [B] spread [C] explain [D] remove
15.[A] compensations[B] symptoms [C] treatments [D] demands
16.[A] Meanwhile [B] Likewise [C] Therefore [D] Instead
17.[A] change [B] watch [C] take [D] count
18.[A] coordination [B] process [C] formation [D] wellbeing
19.[A] space [B] love [C] knowledge [D] level
20.[A] design [B] diet [C] routine [D] prescription
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B,
C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
.2.
pastpapers.cn
Text 1
How can Britain’s train operators possibly justify yet another increase to rail
passenger fares? It has become a grimly reliable annual ritual: every January the
cost of travelling by train rises, imposing a significant extra burden on those who
have no option but to use the rail network to get to work or otherwise. This year’s
rise, an average of 2.7 per cent, may be a fraction lower than last year’s, but it is
still well above the official Consumer Price Index (CPI) measure of inflation.
Successive governments have permitted such increases on the grounds that the
cost of investing in and running the rail network should be borne by those who use
it, rather than the general taxpayer. Why, the argument goes, should a car-driving
pensioner from Lincolnshire have to subsidise the daily commute of a stockbroker
from Surrey? Equally, there is a sense that the travails of commuters in the South
East, many of whom will face among the biggest rises, have received too much
attention compared to those who must endure the relatively poor infrastructure of
the Midlands and the North.
However, over the past 12 months, those commuters have also experienced
some of the worst rail strikes in years. It is all very well train operators trumpeting
the improvements they are making to the network, but passengers should be able to
expect a basic level of service for the substantial sums they are now paying to
travel. The responsibility for the latest wave of strikes rests on the unions.
However, there is a strong case that those who have been worst affected by
industrial action should receive compensation for the disruption they have suffered.
The Government has pledged to change the law to introduce a minimum
service requirement so that, even when strikes occur, services can continue to
operate.This should form part of a wider package of measures to address the long-
running problems on Britain’s railways.Yes, more investment is needed, but
passengers will not be willing to pay more indefinitely if they must also endure
cramped, unreliable services, interrupted by regular chaos when timetables are
changed,or planned maintenance is managed incompetently. The threat of
nationalisation may have been seen off for now, but it will return with a vengeance
if the justified anger of passengers is not addressed in short order.
.3.
pastpapers.cn
21. The author holds that this year’s increase in rail passenger fares
[A]will ease train operators’ burden.
[B] has kept pace with inflation.
[C] is a big surprise to commuters.
[D] remains an unreasonable measure.
22. The stockbroker in Paragraph 2 is used to stand for
[A] car drivers.
[B] rail travellers.
[C] local investors.
[D] ordinary taxpayers.
23. It is indicated in Paragraph 3 that train operators
[A] are offering compensation to commuters.
[B] are trying to repair relations with the unions.
[C] have failed to provide an adequate service.
[D] have suffered huge losses owing to the strikes.
24. If unable to calm down passengers, the railways may have to face
[A] a change of ownership.
[B] a reduction of revenue.
[C] the loss of investment.
[D] the collapse of operations.
25. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A] Ever-rising Fares Aren’t Sustainable
[B] Who Are to Blame for the Strikes?
[C] Constant Complaining Doesn’t Work
[D] Can Nationalisation Bring Hope?
Text 2
Last year marked the third year in a row that Indonesia’s bleak rate of
deforestation has slowed in pace. One reason for the turnaround may be the
country’s antipoverty program.
In 2007, Indonesia started phasing in a program that gives money to its
poorest residents under certain conditions, such as requiring people to keep kids in
school or get regular medical care. Called conditional cash transfers or CCTs, these
social assistance programs are designed to reduce inequality and break the cycle of
poverty.They’re already used in dozens of countries worldwide. In Indonesia, the
program has provided enough food and medicine to substantially reduce severe
growth problems among children.
.4.
pastpapers.cn
But CCT programs don’t generally consider effects on the environment. In
fact, poverty alleviation and environmental protection are often viewed as
conflicting goals, says Paul Ferraro , an economist at Johns Hopkins University.
That’s because economic growth can be correlated with environmental
degradation, while protecting the environment is sometimes correlated with greater
poverty.However, those correlations don’t prove cause and effect. The only
previous study analyzing causality, based on an area in Mexico that had instituted
CCTs, supported the traditional view. There, as people got more money, some of
them may have more cleared land for cattle to raise for meat,Ferraro says.
Such programs do not have to negatively affect the environment, though.
Ferraro wanted to see if Indonesia’s poverty-alleviation program was affecting
deforestation. Indonesia has the third-largest area of tropical forest in the world
and one of the highest deforestation rates.
Ferraro analyzed satellite data showing annual forest loss from 2008 to 2012
—including during Indonesia’s phase-in of the antipoverty program—in 7,468
forested villages across 15 provinces. “We see that the program is associated with a
30 percent reduction in deforestation,” Ferraro says.
That’s likely because the rural poor are using the money as makeshift
insurance policies against inclement weather, Ferraro says. Typically, if rains are
delayed, people may clear land to plant more rice to supplement their
harvests.With the CCTs, individuals instead can use the money to supplement their
harvests.
Whether this research translates elsewhere is anybody’s guess.Ferraro
suggests the results may transfer to other parts of Asia, due to commonalities such
as the importance of growing rice and market access.And regardless of
transferability, the study shows that what’s good for people may also be good for
the environment. Even if this program didn’t reduce poverty, Ferraro says, “the
value of the avoided deforestation just for carbon dioxide emissions alone is more
than the program costs.”
.5.
pastpapers.cn
26. According to the first two paragraphs, CCT programs aim to
[A] improve local education systems.
[B] lower deforestation rates.
[C] help poor families get better off.
[D] facilitate healthcare reform.
27. The study based on an area in Mexico is cited to show that
[A] economic growth tends to cause environmental degradation.
[B] cattle rearing has been a major means of livelihood for the poor.
[C] CCT programs have helped preserve traditional lifestyles.
[D] antipoverty efforts require the participation of local farmers.
28. In his study about Indonesia, Ferraro intends to find out
[A] its acceptance level of CCTs.
[B] its annual rate of poverty alleviation.
[C] the role of its forests in climate change.
[D] the relation of CCTs to its forest loss.
29. According to Ferraro, the CCT program in Indonesia is most valuable in that
[A] it will benefit other Asian countries.
[B] it will reduce regional inequality.
[C] it can boost grain production.
[D] it can protect the environment.
30. What is the text centered on?
[A] The debates over a program.
[B] The effects of a program.
[C] The transferability of a study.
[D] The process of a study.
.6.
pastpapers.cn
Text 3
As a historian who’s always searching for the text or the image that makes us
re-evaluate the past,I’ve become preoccupied with looking for photographs that
show our Victorian ancestors smiling ( what better way to shatter the image of
19th-century prudery?). I’ve found quite a few, and—since I started posting them
on Twitter—they have been causing quite a stir. People have been surprised to see
evidence that Victorians had fun and could,and did, laugh. They are noting that the
Victorians suddenly seem to become more human as the hundred-or-so years that
separate us fade away through our common experience of laughter.
Of course, I need to concede that my collection of ‘Smiling Victorians’ makes
up only a tiny percentage of the vast catalogue of photographic portraiture created
between 1840 and 1900, the majority of which show sitters posing miserably and
stiffly in front of painted backdrops, or staring absently into the middle
distance.How do we explain this trend?
During the 1840s and 1850s, in the early days of photography, exposure times
were notoriously long: the daguerreotype photographic method (producing an
image on a silvered copper plate) could take several minutes to complete, resulting
in blurred images as sitters shifted position or adjusted their limbs. The thought of
holding a fixed grin as the camera performed its magical duties was too much to
contemplate, and so anon-committal blank stare became the norm.
But exposure times were much quicker by the 1880s, and the introduction of
the Box Brownie and other portable cameras meant that, though slow by today’s
digital standards, the exposure was almost instantaneous.Spontaneous smiles were
relatively easy to capture by the 1890s, so we must look elsewhere for an
explanation of why Victorians still hesitated to smile.
One explanation might be the loss of dignity displayed through a cheesy grin.
“Nature gave us lips to conceal our teeth,” ran one popular Victorian saying,
alluding to the fact that before the birth of proper dentistry, mouths were often in a
shocking state of hygiene. A flashing set of healthy and clean, regular ‘pearly
whites’ was a rare sight in Victorian society, the preserve of the super-rich (and
even then,dental hygiene was not guaranteed).
A toothy grin ( especially when there were gaps or blackened teeth) lacked
class: drunks,tramps and music hall performers might gurn and grin with a smile as
wide as Lewis Carroll’s gum-exposing Cheshire Cat, but it was not a becoming
look for properly bred persons. Even Mark Twain, a man who enjoyed a hearty
laugh, said that when it came to photographic portraits there could be “nothing
more damning than a silly, foolish smile fixed forever”.
.7.
pastpapers.cn
31. According to Paragraph 1, the author’s posts on Twitter
[A] illustrated the development of Victorian photography.
[B] changed people’s impression of the Victorians.
[C] highlighted social media’s role in Victorian studies.
[D] re-evaluated the Victorians’ notion of public image.
32. What does the author say about the Victorian portraits he has collected?
[A] They are in popular use among historians.
[B] They show effects of different exposure times.
[C] They are rare among photographs of that age.
[D] They mirror 19th-century social conventions.
33. What might have kept the Victorians from smiling for pictures in the 1890s?
[A] Their unhealthy dental condition.
[B] Their inherent social sensitiveness.
[C] Their tension before the camera.
[D] Their distrust of new inventions.
34. Mark Twain is quoted to show that the disapproval of smiles in pictures was
[A] a thought-provoking idea.
[B] a deep-rooted belief.
[C] a misguided attitude.
[D] a controversial view.
35. Which of the following questions does the text answer?
[A] When did the Victorians start to view photography differently?
[B] What made photography develop slowly in the Victorian period?
[C] Why did most Victorians look stem in photographs?
[D] How did smiling in photographs become a post-Victorian norm?
.8.
pastpapers.cn
Text 4
From the early days of broadband, advocates for consumers and web-based
companies worried that the cable and phone companies selling broadband
connections had the power and incentive to favor affiliated websites over their
rivals’. That’s why there has been such a strong demand for rules that would
prevent broadband providers from picking winners and losers online, preserving
the freedom and innovation that have been the lifeblood of the Internet.
Yet that demand has been almost impossible to fill—in part because of
pushback from broadband providers, anti-regulatory conservatives and the courts.
A federal appeals court weighed in again Tuesday, but instead of providing a badly
needed resolution, it only prolonged the fight. At issue before the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit was the latest take of the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) on net neutrality, adopted on a party-line vote
in 2017. The Republican-penned order not only eliminated the strict net neutrality
rules the FCC had adopted when it had a Democratic majority in 2015, but rejected
the commission’s authority to require broadband providers to do much of anything.
The order also declared that state and local governments couldn’t regulate
broadband providers either.
The commission argued that other agencies would protect against anti-
competitive behavior, such as a broadband-providing conglomerate like AT&T
favoring its own video-streaming service at the expense of Netflix and Apple
TV.Yet the FCC also ended the investigations of broadband providers that imposed
data caps on their rivals’ streaming services but not their own.
On Tuesday, the appeals court unanimously upheld the 2017 order
deregulating broadband providers, citing a Supreme Court ruling from 2005 that
upheld a similarly deregulatory move.But Judge Patricia Millett rightly argued in a
concurring opinion that “the result is unhinged from the realities of modern
broadband service,” and said Congress or the Supreme Court could intervene to “
avoid trapping Internet regulation in technological anachronism.”
In the meantime, the court threw out the FCC’s attempt to block all state rules
on net neutrality, while preserving the commission’s power to preempt individual
state laws that undermine its order. That means more battles like the one now going
on between the Justice Department and California, which enacted a tough net
neutrality law in the wake of the FCC’s abdication.
The endless legal battles and back-and-forth at the FCC cry out for Congress
to act. It needs to give the commission explicit authority once and for all to bar
broadband providers from meddling in the traffic on their network and to create
clear rules protecting openness and innovation online.
.9.
pastpapers.cn
36. There has long been concern that broadband providers would
[A] show partiality in treating clients.
[B] bring web-based firms under control.
[C] slow down the traffic on their network.
[D] intensify competition with their rivals.
37. Faced with the demand for net neutrality rules, the FCC
[A] sticks to an out-of-date order.
[B] has allowed the states to intervene.
[C] has issued a special resolution.
[D] takes an anti-regulatory stance.
38. What can be learned about AT&T from Paragraph 3?
[A] It is in pursuit of quality service.
[B] It is under the FCC’s investigation.
[C] It protects against unfair competition.
[D] It engages in anti-competitive practices.
39. Judge Patricia Millett argues that the appeals court’s decision
[A] conveys an ambiguous message.
[B] is out of touch with reality.
[C] is at odds with its earlier rulings.
[D] focuses on trivialities.
40. What does the author argue in the last paragraph?
[A] Broadband providers’rights should be protected.
[B] The FCC should be put under strict supervision.
[C] Congress needs to take action to ensure net neutrality.
[D] Rules need to be set to diversify online services.
.10.
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There
are two extra subheadings. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
In the movies and on television, artificial intelligence(AI) is typically depicted
as something sinister that will upend our way of life. When it comes to AI in
business, we often hear about it in relation to automation and the impending loss of
jobs, but in what ways is AI changing companies and the larger economy that don’t
involve doom-andgloom mass unemployment predictions?
A recent survey of manufacturing and service industries from Tata
Consultancy Services found that companies currently use AI more often in
computer-to-computeractivities than in automating human activities. Here are a few
ways AI is aiding companies without replacing employees:
Better hiring practices
Companies are using artificial intelligence to remove some of the unconscious
biasfrom hiring decisions. “There are experiments that show that, naturally, the
results of interviews are much more biased than what AI does,” says Pedro
Domingos, author of The Master Algorithm: How the Quest for the Ultimate
Learning Machine Will Remake Our World and a computer science professor at the
University of Washington. In addition,“(41) ” One company that’s
doing this is called Blendoor. It uses analytics to help identify where there may be
bias in the hiring process.
More effective marketing
Some AI software can analyze and optimize marketing email subject lines to
increase open rates. One company in the UK, Phrasee, claims their software can
outperform humans by up to 10 percent when it comes to email open rates. This
can mean millions more in revenue. (42) _________ These are "tools that help
people use data, not a replacement for people,” says Patrick H. Winston, a
professor of artificial intelligence and computer science at MIT.
Saving customers money
Energy companies can use AI to help customers reduce their electricity bills,
saving them money while helping the environment.Companies can also optimize
their ownenergy use and cut down on the cost of electricity. Insurance companies,
meanwhile, can base their premiums on AI models that more accurately assess risk.
.11.
pastpapers.cn
Domingos says, “ (43) ”
Improved accuracy
“Machine learning often provides a more reliable form of statistics which
makes data more valuable,” says Winston. It “helps people make smarter
decisions.” (44) __ Protecting and maintaining infrastructure A number of
companies, particularly in energy and transportation, use AI image processing
technology to inspect infrastructure and prevent equipment failure or leaks before
they happen. "If they fail first and then you fix them , it’s very expensive,” says
Domingos. “(45) ”
[A] AI replaces the boring parts of your job. If you’re doing research, you can
have AIgo out and look for relevant sources and information that otherwise
you just wouldn’t have time for.
[B] There are also companies like Acquisio, which analyzes advertising
performance across multiple channels like Adwords, Bing and social media
and makes adjustments or suggestions about where advertising funds will
yield best results.
[C] We’re also giving our customers better channels versus picking up the
phone to accomplish something beyond human scale.
[D] One accounting firm, BY, uses an AI system that helps review contracts
during an audit. This process, along with employees reviewing the contracts,
is faster and more accurate.
[E] AI looks at resumes in greater numbers than humans would be able to, and
selects the more promising candidates.
[F] You want to predict if something needs attention now and point to where it’s
useful for employees to go to.
[G] Before, they might not insure the ones who felt like a high risk or charge
them too much, or they would charge them too little and then it would cost
the company money.
.12.
pastpapers.cn
Part C Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
World War II was the watershed event for higher education in modem Western
societies.(46) Those societies came out of the war with levels of enrollment that had been
roughly constant at 3-5% of the relevant age groups during the decades before the war.
But after the war, great social and political changes arising out of the successful war
against Fascism created a growing demand in European and American economies for
increasing numbers of graduates with more than a secondary school education. (47) And
the demand that rose in those societies for entry to higher education extended to groups
and social classes that had not thought of attending a university before the war. These
demands resulted in a very rapid expansion of the systems of higher education, beginning
in the 1960s and developing very rapidly (though unevenly) during the 1970s and 1980s.
The growth of higher education manifests itself in at least three quite different ways,
and these in turn have given rise to different sets of problems. There was first the rate of
growth: (48) in many countries of Western Europe, the numbers of students in higher
education doubled within five-year periods during the 1960s and doubled again in seven ,
eight, or 10 years by the middle of the 1970s. Second, growth obviously affected the
absolute size both of systems and individual institutions. And third, growth was reflected
in changes in the proportion of the relevant age group enrolled in institutions of higher
education.
Each of these manifestations of growth carried its own peculiar problems in its wake.
For example, a high growth rate placed great strains on the existing structures of
governance, of administration, and above all of socialization. When a faculty or
department grows from, say, five to 20 members within three or four years, (49) and when
the new staff are predominantly young men and women fresh from postgraduate study ,
they largely define the norms of academic life in that faculty. And if the postgraduate
student population also grows rapidly and there is loss of a close apprenticeship
relationship between faculty members and students, the student culture becomes the chief
socializing force for new postgraduate students, with consequences for the intellectual and
academic life of the institution-this was seen in America as well as in France, Italy, West
Germany, and Japan. (50) High growth rates increased the chances for academic
innovation; they also weakened the forms and processes by which teachers and students
are admitted into a community of scholars during periods of stability or slow growth. In
the 1960s and 1970s, European universities saw marked changes in their governance
arrangements, with empowerment of junior faculty and to some degree of students as well.
.13.
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
A foreign friend of yours has recently graduated from college and intends to find a
job in China. Write him/her an e-mail to make some suggestions .
You should write about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name in the email. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. ( 10 points)
Part B
52. Directions:
Write an essay of 160 - 200 words based on the following picture. In your essay, you should
1) describe the picture briefly,
2) interpret the implied meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
.14.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2021年 英语二 (来源: 2021-2.pdf)
2021年全国硕士研究生入学招生考试英语二试题
SectionⅠ Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text.Choose the Best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
It’s not difficult to set targets for staff. It is much harder, 1 , to understand their
negative consequences. Most work-related behaviors have multiple components. 2 one
andtheothersbecomedistorted.
Travel on a London bus and you’ll 3 see how this works with drivers.Watch
peopleget onandshowtheir tickets.Arethey carefullyinspected?Never. Do people geton
without paying? Of course! Are there inspectors to 4 that people have paid? Possibly,
but very few.And people who run for the bus? They are 5 . How about jumping lights?
Busesdoso almostasfrequentlyascyclists.
Why? Because the target is 6 . People complained that buses were late and
infrequent. 7 , the number of buses and bus lanes were increased,and drivers were
8 or punished according to the time they took. And drivers hit these targets. But
they 9 hit cyclists. If the target was changed to 10 , you would have more
inspectors and more sensitive pricing. If the criterion changed to safety, you would get
more 11 drivers who obeyed traffic laws. But both these criteria would be at the
expenseoftime.
There is another 12 : people became immensely inventive in hitting targets.
Have you 13 that you can leave on a flight an hour late but still arrive on time?
Tailwinds? Of course not! Airlines have simply changed the time a 14 is meant to
take.Aone-hourflightisnowbilledasatwo-hourflight.
The 15 of the story is simple. Most jobs are multidimensional, with multiple criteria.
Choose one criterion and you may well 16 others.Everything can be done faster and
made cheaper, but there is a 17 . Setting targets can and does have unforeseen negative
consequences.
This is not an argument against target-setting. But it is an argument for exploring
consequences first.All good targets should have multiple criteria 18 critical factors
such as time, money, quality and customer feedback.The trick is not only to 19 just
one or even two dimensions of the objective, but also to understand how to help people
better 20 theobjective.
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]therefore [B]however [C]again [D]moreover
2.[A]Emphasize [B]Identify [C]Assess [D]Explain
3.[A]nearly [B]curiously [C]eagerly [D]quickly
4.[A]claim [B]prove [C]check [D]recall
5.[A]threatened [B]ignored [C]mocked [D]blamed
6.[A]punctuality [B]hospitality [C]competition [D]innovation
7.[A]Yet [B]So [C]Besides [D]Still
8.[A]hired [B]trained [C]rewarded [D]grouped
9.[A]only [B]rather [C]once [D]also
10.[A]comfort [B]revenue [C]efficiency [D]security
11.[A]friendly [B]quiet [C]cautious [D]diligent
12.[A]purpose [B]problem [C]prejudice [D]policy
13.[A]reported [B]revealed [C]admitted [D]noticed
14.[A]break [B]trip [C]departure [D]transfer
15.[A]moral [B]background [C]style [D]form
16.[A]interpret [B]criticize [C]sacrifice [D]tolerate
17.[A]task [B]secret [C]product [D]cost
18.[A]leadingto [B]callingfor [C]relatingto [D]accountingfor
19.[A]specify [B]predict [C]restore [D]create
20.[A]modify [B]review [C]present [D]achieve
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsbeloweachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
pastpapers.cn
Text1
“Reskilling” is something that sounds like a buzzword but is actually a
requirementif we plan to have a future where alot of would-beworkersdo notget left
behind. We know we are moving into a period where the jobs in demand will change
rapidly, as will the requirements of the jobs that remain.Research by the World
Economic Forum finds that on average 42 per cent of the“core skills”within job roles
willchangeby2022.Thatisavery shorttimeline.
The question of who should pay for reskilling is a thorny one.For individual
companies, the temptation is always to let go of workers whose skills are no longer in
demand and replace them with those whose skills are.That does not always happen.
AT&T is often given as the gold standard of a company who decided to do a massive
reskilling program rather than go with a fire-and-hire strategy.Other companies
including Amazon and Disney had also pledged to create their own plans.When the
skills mismatch is in the broader economy though, the focus usually turns to
government to handle.Efforts in Canada and elsewhere have been arguably languid at
best, and have given us a situation where we frequently hear of employers begging for
workers,evenattimesandinregionswhereunemploymentishigh.
With the pandemic, unemployment is very high indeed. In February,at 3.5 per
cent and 5.5 per cent respectively, unemployment rates in Canada and the United
States were at generational lows and worker shortages were everywhere.As of May,
thoserates had spiked up to 13.3 per cent and 13.7 per cent,and although many worker
shortages had disappeared, not all had done so.In the medical field, to take an obvious
example, the pandemic meant that there were still clear shortages of doctors, nurses
andothermedicalpersonnel.
Of course, it is not like you can take an unemployed waiter and train him to be a
doctorin a few weeks, no matter who pays for it.Buteven if you cannot close thatgap,
maybe you can close others, and doing so would be to the benefit of all
concerned.That seems to be the case in Sweden: When forced to furlough 90 per cent
of their cabin staff, Scandinavian Airlines decided to start up a short retraining
program that reskilled the laid-off workers to support hospital staff.The effort was a
collectiveoneandinvolvedothercompaniesaswellasaSwedishuniversity.
pastpapers.cn
21. ResearchbytheWorldEconomicForumsuggests .
[A] an increaseinfull-timeemployment
[B] anurgent demand for newjobskills
[C] asteadygrowth ofjobopportunities
[D] acontroversy about the“core skills”
22. AT&Tiscitedtoshow .
[A] an alternativetothefire-and-hirestrategy
[B] animmediateneed forgovernment support
[C] theimportanceofstaff appraisal standards
[D] thecharacteristicsofreskillingprograms
23. EffortstoresolvetheskillsmismatchinCanada .
[A] have driven uplabourcosts
[B] haveproved tobeinconsistent
[C] havemetwithfierce opposition
[D] have appeared tobeinsufficient
24. WecanlearnfromParagraph3thattherewas .
[A] acall for policyadjustment
[B] achange in hiringpractices
[C] alack of medical workers
[D] asign ofeconomic recovery
25. ScandinavianAirlinesdecidedto .
[A] createjobvacancies fortheunemployed
[B] preparetheirlaid-offworkersforotherjobs
[C] retraintheircabin staffforbetterservices
[D] finance theirstaff’scollegeeducation
pastpapers.cn
Text2
With the global population predicted to hit close to 10 billion by 2050, and
forecasts that agricultural production in some regions will need to nearly double to
keep pace, food security is increasingly making headlines.In the UK, it has become a
bigtalkingpointrecentlytoo,for aratherparticularreason:Brexit.
Brexitis seen by someas an opportunity to reverse a recenttrend towardsthe UK
importing food. The country produces only about 60 per cent of the food it eats, down
from almost three-quarters in the late 1980s.A move back to self-sufficiency ， the
argument goes, would boost the farming industry, political sovereignty and even the
nation’shealth.Soundsgreat—buthowfeasibleisthisvision?
AccordingtoareportonUKfoodproductionfromtheUniversityofLeeds,UK,
85 per cent of the country’s total land area is associated with meat and dairy
production.That supplies 80 per cent of what is consumed, so even covering the whole
countryinlivestockfarmswouldn’tallowustocoverallourmeatanddairyneeds.
There are many caveats to those figures,but they are still grave.To become
much more self-sufficient, theUK would need to drastically reduce itsconsumptionof
animal foods, and probably also farm more intensively — meaning fewer green fields
andmorefactory-styleproduction.
But switching to a mainly plant-based diet wouldn’t help.There is a good reason
why the UK is dominated by animal husbandry: most of its terrain doesn’t have the
right soil or climate to grow crops on a commercial basis.Just 25 per cent of the
country’s land is suitable for crop-growing, most of which is already occupied by
arable fields.Even if we converted all the suitable land to fields of fruit and veg —
which would involve taking out all the nature reserves and removing thousands of
people from their homes — we would achieve only a 30 per cent boost in crop
production.
Just 23 per cent of the fruit and vegetables consumed in the UK are currently
home-grown, so even with the most extreme measures we could meet only 30 per cent
of our fresh produce needs.That is before we look for the space to grow the grains,
sugars,seedsandoilsthatprovideuswiththevastbulkofourcurrentcalorieintake.
pastpapers.cn
26. Somepeoplearguethatfoodself-sufficiencyintheUKwould .
[A]behindered byitspopulation growth
[B] contributetothenation’swell-being
[C]become apriorityofthegovernment
[D]poseachallenge toits farming industry
27. ThereportbytheUniversityofLeedsshowsthatintheUK .
[A] farmlandhasbeeninefficientlyutilized
[B] factory-styleproductionneedsreforming
[C] mostlandisusedfor meatanddairyproduction
[D] moregreenfieldswillbeconvertedforfarming
28. Crop-growingintheUKisrestricteddueto .
[A] itsfarmingtechnology
[B] itsdietarytradition
[C] itsnaturalconditions
[D] itscommercialinterests
29. Itcanbelearnedfrom thelastparagraphthatBritishpeople .
[A] relylargelyonimportsforfreshproduce
[B] enjoyasteadyriseinfruitconsumption
[C] areseekingeffectivewaystocutcalorieintake
[D] aretryingtogrownewvarietiesofgrains
30. Theauthor’sattitudetofood self-sufficiencyintheUKis .
[A] defensive
[B] doubtful
[C] tolerant
[D] optimistic
pastpapers.cn
Text3
When Microsoft bought task management app Wunderlist and mobile calendar
Sunrise in 2015,it picked two newcomers that were attracting considerable buzz in
Silicon Valley.Microsoft’s own Office dominates the market for “productivity”
software, but the start-ups represented a new wave of technology designed from the
groundupfor thesmartphoneworld.
Both apps, however, were later scrapped, after Microsoft said it had used their
best features in its own products.Their teams of engineers stayed on,making them two
of the many “ acqui-hires”that the biggest companies have used to feed their great
hungerfortechtalent.
To Microsoft’s critics,the fates of Wunderlist and Sunrise are examples of a
remorseless drive by Big Tech to chew up any innovative companies that lie in their
path. “They bought the seedlings and closed them down,” complained Paul Arnold, a
partner at San Francisco-based Switch Ventures, putting an end to businesses that
mightonedayturnintocompetitors.Microsoft declinedtocomment.
Likeotherstart-upinvestors,Mr.Arnold’sownbusinessoftendependsonselling
start-upstolargertechcompanies,thoughheadmitstomixedfeelingsabouttheresult:
“Ithinkthesethingsaregood forme,ifIputmyselfishhaton.Butaretheygoodfor
theAmericaneconomy?Idon’tknow.”
The US Federal Trade Commission says it wants to find the answer to that
question.This week, it asked the five most valuable US tech companies for
information about their many small acquisitions over the past decade.Although only a
research project at this stage, the request has raised the prospect of regulators wading
intoearly-stagetechmarketsthatuntilnowhavebeenbeyondtheirreach.
Given their combined market value of more than $5.5 trillion, rifling through
such small deals—many of them much less prominent than Wunderlist and Sunrise—
mightseembeside thepoint.Betweenthem,thefive biggest tech companieshave spent
anaverage of only $3.4billion ayear on sub- $ 1 billion acquisitionsover thepastfive
years—a drop in the ocean compared with their massive financial reserves, and the
morethan$130billionofventurecapitalthatwasinvestedintheUSlastyear.
However, critics say the big companies use such deals to buy their most
threatening potential competitors before their businesses have a chance to gain
momentum,insomecasesaspartofa“buyandkill”tactictosimplyclosethemdown.
第9页 共14页
pastpapers.cn
31. WhatistrueaboutWunderlistandSunriseaftertheiracquisitions?
[A] Theirengineerswereretained.
[B] Theirmarketvaluesdeclined.
[C] Theirtechfeaturesimproved.
[D] Theirproductswerere-priced.
32. Microsoft’scriticsbelievethatthebigtechcompaniestendto .
[A] exaggeratetheirproductquality
[B] eliminatetheirpotentialcompetitors
[C] treatnewtechtalentunfairly
[D] ignorepublicopinions
33. PaulArnoldisconcernedthatsmallacquisitionsmight .
[A] weakenbigtechcompanies
[B] worsenmarketcompetition
[C] harmthenationaleconomy
[D] discouragestart-upinvestors
34. TheUSFederalTradeCommissionintendsto .
[A] limitBigTech’sexpansion
[B] encourageresearchcollaboration
[C] examinesmallacquisitions
[D] supervisestart-ups’ operation
35. Forthefivebiggesttechcompanies,theirsmallacquisitionshave .
[A] broughtlittlefinancialpressure
[B] raisedfewmanagementchallenges
[C] setanexampleforfuturedeals
[D] generatedconsiderableprofits
pastpapers.cn
Text4
We’re fairly good at judging people based on first impressions, thin slices of
experience ranging from a glimpse of a photo to five-minute interaction, and
deliberation can be not only extraneous but intrusive.In one study of the ability she
called“thin slicing,” the late psychologist Nalini Ambady asked participants to watch
silent 10-second video clips of professors and to rate the instructor’s overall
effectiveness.Their ratings correlated strongly with students’ end-of-semester ratings.
Another set of participants had to count backward from 1,000 by nines as they
watched the clips, occupying their conscious working memory.Their ratings were just
asaccurate,demonstratingtheintuitivenatureofthesocialprocessing.
Critically, another group was asked to spend a minute writing down reasons for
their judgment, before giving the rating.Accuracy dropped dramatically. Ambady
suspected that deliberation focused them on vivid but misleading cues, such as certain
gestures or utterances, rather than letting the complex interplay of subtle signals form
a holistic impression.She found similar interference when participants watched 15-
second clips of pairs of people and judged whether they were strangers, friends, or
datingpartners.
Other research shows we’re better at detecting deception from thin slices when
we rely on intuition instead of reflection. “It’s as if you’re driving a stick shift,” says
Judith Hall, a psychologist at Northeastern University, “and if you start thinking about
it too much, you can’t remember what you’re doing. But if you go on automatic
pilot,you’refine.Muchofoursociallifeislikethat.”
Thinking too much can also harm our ability to form preferences.College
students’ ratings of strawberry jams and college courses aligned better with experts’
opinions when the students weren’t asked to analyze their rationale.And people made
car-buying decisions that were both objectively better and more personally satisfying
when asked to focus on their feelings rather than on details, but only if the decision
wascomplex—whentheyhadalotofinformationtoprocess.
Intuition’s special powers are unleashed only in certain circumstances.In one
study,participants completed a battery of eight tasks, including four that tapped
reflective thinking (discerning rules, comprehending vocabulary) and four that tapped
intuition and creativity (generating new products or figures of speech).Then they rated
the degree to which they had used intuition (“gut feelings,” “ hunches,” “my
heart”).Use of their gut hurt their performance on the first four tasks, as expected, and
helpedthemontherest.Sometimestheheartissmarterthanthehead.
pastpapers.cn
36. NaliniAmbady’sstudydeals with .
[A] thepowerofpeople’smemory
[B] thereliabilityoffirstimpressions
[C] Instructor-studentinteraction
[D] people’sabilitytoinfluenceothers
37. InAmbady’sstudy,ratingaccuracydroppedwhenparticipants .
[A] focusedonspecificdetails
[B] gavetheratinginlimitedtime
[C] watchedshortervideoclips
[D] discussedwithoneanother
38. JudithHallmentionsdrivingtoshowthat .
[A] reflectioncanbedistracting
[B] memorymaybeselective
[C] socialskillsmustbecultivated
[D] deceptionisdifficulttodetect
39. Whenyou aremakingcomplexdecisions,itisadvisableto .
[A] collectenoughdata
[B] listyourpreferences
[C] seekexpertadvice
[D] followyour feelings
40. Whatcanwelearnfromthelastparagraph?
[A] Generatingnewproductstakestime.
[B] Intuitionmayaffectreflectivetasks.
[C] Vocabularycomprehensionneedscreativity.
[D] Objectivethinkingmayboostintuitiveness.
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subheading from the list A-G for each numbered paragraph(41-45). There are two
extra subheadings which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the ANSWER
SHEET.(10points)
[A]Staycalm.
[B] Stayhumble.
[C]Decidewhethertowait.
[D]Berealisticabouttherisks.
[E]Don’tmakejudgements.
[F]Identifyasharedgoal.
[G]Askpermissiontodisagree.
Howtodisagreewithsomeonemorepowerfulthanyou
Your boss proposes a new initiative you think won’t work. Your senior colleague
outlines a project timeline you believe is unrealistic. What do you say when you
disagreewithsomeonewho hasmorepower than you do? Howdo you decidewhether
it’s worth speaking up? And if you do, what exactly should you say? Here's how to
disagreewithsomeonemorepowerfulthanyou.
41.
You may decide it’s best to hold off on voicing your opinion. Maybe you haven’t
finished thinking the problem through, or you want to get a clearer sense of what the
group thinks.If you think other people are going to disagree, too, you might want to
gather your army first. People can contribute experience or information to your
thinking—all the things that would make the disagreement stronger or more valid. It’s
alsoa good idea todelay theconversation if you arein a meeting or other public space.
Discussingtheissueinprivatewillmakethepowerfulpersonfeellessthreatened.
42.
Before you share your thoughts, think about what the powerful person cares
about—it may be the credibility of their team or getting a project done on time.You’re
morelikelytobeheardifyoucanconnectyourdisagreementtoahigherpurpose.When
you do speak up, don’t assume the link will be clear. You’ll want to state it overtly,
contextualizingyourstatementssothatyou’reseennotasadisagreeablesubordinatebut
pastpapers.cn
asacolleaguewho’stryingtoadvanceacommonobjective.Thediscussionwillthen
becomemorelikeachessgamethanaboxingmatch.
43.
This step may sound overly deferential, but it’s a smart way to give the powerful
person psychological safety and control. You can say something like, “I know we
seemto be moving toward a first-quarter commitment here.I have reasons to think that
won’t work.I’d like to lay out my reasoning. Would that be OK?” This gives the
person a choice, allowing him to verbally opt in. And, assuming he says yes, it will
makeyou feelmoreconfidentaboutvoicingyour disagreement.
44.
You might feel your heart racing or your face turning red, but do whatever you
can to remain neutral in both your words and actions. When your body language
communicates reluctance or anxiety, it undercuts the message.It sends a mixed
message,and your counterpart gets to choose what signals to read. Deep breaths can
help,as can speaking more slowly and deliberately. When we feel panicky, we tend to
talk louder and faster. Simply slowing the pace and talking in an even tone helps the
other person cool down and does the same for you. It also makes you seem confident,
evenifyou aren’t.
45.
Emphasize that you’re only offering your opinion, not gospel truth.It may be a
well-informed, well-researched opinion, but it’s still an opinion, so talk tentatively and
slightly understate your confidence. Instead of saying: “If we set an end-of-quarter
deadline, we will never make it,” say, “ This is just my opinion, but I don’t see how
we will make that deadline.” Having asserted your opinion (as a position, not as a
fact),demonstrate equal curiosity about other views. Remind the person that this is
yourpointofview,andtheninvitecritique.Beopentohearingotheropinions.
pastpapers.cn
SectionIII Translation
46. Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the
ANSWERSHEET.(15points)
We tend to think that friends and family members are our biggest sources of
connection,laughter, and warmth. While that may well be true, researchers have also
recently found that interacting with strangers actually brings a boost in mood and
feelingsofbelongingthatwedidn’texpect.
In one series of studies, researchers instructed Chicago-area commuters using
public transportation to strike up a conversation with someone near them. On average,
participants who followed this instruction felt better than those who had been told to
stand or sit in silence. The researchers also argued that when we shy away from casual
interactions with strangers, it is often due to a misplaced anxiety that they might not
want to talk to us. Much of the time,however, this belief is false.As it turns out, many
people are actually perfectly willing to talk — and may even be flattered to receive
yourattention.
pastpapers.cn
Section Ⅳ Writing
PartA
47. Directions:
Supposeyou areorganizinganonlinemeeting. WriteanemailtoJack,an
internationalstudent,to
1)invitehimtoparticipate,and
2)tellhimthedetails.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownname.Use“LiMing”instead.(10points)
PartB
48. Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.Inyour writing, you should
1)interpretthechart,and
2)giveyourcomments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2020年 英语一 (来源: 2020-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2020年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自
负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section Ⅰ Use of English
Directions:
Readthefollowingtext.Choosethebestword(s)for eachnumberedblankandmark
A,B,CorDontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
Evenif familiesdon’t sitdown toeattogether asfrequently asbefore, millionsof
Britons will nonetheless have got a share this weekend of one of the nation’s great
traditions:the Sunday roast. 1 a cold winter’s day, few culinary pleasures can
2 it. Yet as we report now, the food police are determined that this 3 should be
renderedyetanotherguiltypleasure 4 todamageourhealth.
The Food Standards Authority (FSA) has 5 a public warning aboutthe risks
of a compound called acrylamide that forms in some foods cooked 6 high
temperatures. This means that people should 7 crisping their roast potatoes, reject
thin- crust pizzas and only 8 toast their bread.But where is the evidence to
support such alarmist advice? 9 studies have shown that acrylamide can
cause neurological damage in mice, there is no 10 evidence that it causes
cancerinhumans.
Scientists say the compound is 11 to cause cancer but have no hard scientific
proof. 12 the precautionary principle, it could be argued that it is 13 to
follow the FSA advice. 14 , it was rumoured that smoking caused cancer for years
beforetheevidencewasfoundtoprove a 15 .
Doubtless a piece of boiled beef can always be 16 up on Sunday
alongside some steamed vegetables, without the Yorkshire pudding and no wine. But
would life be worth living? 17 , the FSA says it is not telling people to cut out roast
foods 18 ,but to reduce their lifetime intake. However, its 19 risks coming a
cross as being pushy and overprotective.Constant health scares just 20 with no one
listening.
.1.
pastpapers.cn
1. [A]In [B]On [C]Till [D]Towards
2. [A]match [B]express [C]satisfy [D]influence
3. [A] patience [B]concern [C]surprise [D]enjoyment
4. [A]intensified [B]guaranteed [C]compelled [D]privileged
5. [A]ignored [B]received [C]issued [D]cancelled
6. [A]under [B]by [C]for [D]at
7. [A]forget [B]avoid [C]finish [D]regret
8. [A]easily [B]regularly [C]partially [D]initially
9. [A]If [B]Since [C]While [D]Unless
10. [A]conclusive [B]external [C]secondary [D]negative
11. [A]likely [B]bound [C]insufficient [D]slow
12. [A]Inadditionto [B]Atthecostof [C]Onthebasisof [D]Incontrastto
13. [A]interesting [B]fortunate [C]urgent [D]advisable
14. [A]Asusual [B]Afterall [C]Bydefinition [D]Inparticular
15. [A]connection [B]combination [C]resemblance [D]pattern
16. [A]made [B]used [C]saved [D]served
17. [A]Tobebrief [B]Forinstance [C]Tobefair [D]Ingeneral
18. [A]entirely [B]gradually [C]reluctantly [D]carefully
19. [A]promise [B]competition [C]experience [D]campaign
20. [A]followup [B]endup [C]openup [D]pickup
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
PartADirections:
Readthefollowingfourtexts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
.2.
pastpapers.cn
Text1
A group of Labour MPs, among them Yvette Cooper, are bringing in the new
year with a call to institute a UK “town of culture” award. The proposal is that it
should sit alongside the existing city of culture title, which was held by Hull in 2017,
and has been awarded to Coventry for 2021. Cooper and her colleagues argue that the
success of the crown for Hull, where it brought in £220m of investment and an
avalanche of arts, ought not to be confined to cities. Britain’s towns, it is true, are not
prevented from applying, but they generally lack the resources to put together a bid to
beat their bigger competitors. A town of culture award could, it is argued, become an
annual event, attracting funding and creating jobs.
Some might see the proposal as a booby prize for the fact that Britain is no
longer able to apply for the much more prestigious title of European capital of culture,
a sought-after award bagged by Glasgow in 1990 and Liverpool in 2008. A cynic
might speculate that the UK is on the verge of disappearing into an endless fever of
self-celebration in its desperation to reinvent itself for the post-Brexit world: after
town of culture, who knows what will follow-village of culture? Suburb of culture?
Hamlet of culture?
It is also wise to recall that such titles are not a cure-all. A badly run “year of
culture” washes in and out of a place like the tide, bringing prominence for a spell but
leaving no lasting benefits to the community. The really successful holders of such
titles are those that do a great deal more than fill hotel bedrooms and bring in high-
profile arts events and good press for a year. They transform the aspirations of the
people who live there; they nudge the self-image of the city into a bolder and more
optimistic light. It is hard to get right, and requires a remarkable degree of vision, as
well as cooperation between city authorities, the private sector, community groups
and cultural organisations. But it can be done: Glasgow's year as European capital of
culture can certainly be seen as one of a complex series of factors that have turned the
city into the powerhouse of art, music and theatre that it remains today.
A “town of culture” could be not just about the arts but about honouring a town’s
peculiarities—helping sustain its high street, supporting local facilities and above all
celebrating its people. Jeremy Wright, the culture secretary, should welcome this
positive, hope-filled proposal, and tum it into action.
.3.
pastpapers.cn
21. Cooperand hercolleagues arguethata “town ofculture”award could
[A]consolidatethetown-citytiesin Britain.
[B] promotecooperationamongBritain’stowns.
[C] increasetheeconomicstrength ofBritain’stowns.
[D] focusBritain’slimited resourcesonculturalevents.
22. According toParagraph2,theproposalmightberegarded by some as
[A]asensible compromise.
[B] aself-deceivingattempt.
[C] aneye-catchingbonus.
[D]aninaccessibletarget.
23. Theauthorsuggeststhat atitleholder issuccessfulonly ifit
[A] endeavourstomaintain itsimage.
[B] meetstheaspirations ofitspeople.
[C] bringsitslocalartsto prominence.
[D]commitstoitslong-term growth.
24. Glasgowismentioned inParagraph 3to present
[A]acontrasting case.
[B] asupporting example.
[C] abackground story.
[D]arelated topic.
25. Whatistheauthor’sattitude towardsthe proposal?
[A]Skeptical.
[B] Objective.
[C] Favourable.
[D]Critical.
.4.
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Scientific publishing has long been a licence to print money. Scientists need
journals in which to publish their research, so they will supply the articles without
monetary reward. Other scientists perform the specialised work of peer review also
for free, because it is a central element in the acquisition of status and the production
ofscientificknowledge.
With the content of papers secured for free, the publisher needs only to find a
market for its journal. Until this century, university libraries were not very price
sensitive. Scientific publishers routinely report profit margins approaching 40% on their
operations,atatimewhentherestofthepublishingindustryisinanexistentialcrisis.
The Dutch giant Elsevier, which claims to publish 25% of the scientific papers
produced in the world, made profits of more than £900m last year, while UK
universities alone spent more than £210m in 2016 to enable researchers to access
their own publicly funded research; both figures seem to rise unstoppably despite
increasinglydesperateeffortstochangethem.
The most drastic, and thoroughly illegal, reaction has been the emergence of
Sci-Hub, a kind of global photocopier for scientific papers, set up in 2012, which now
claims to offer access to every paywalled article published since 2015. The success of
Sci-Hub, which relies on researchers passing on copies they have themselves legally
accessed, shows the legal ecosystem has lost legitimacy among its users and must be
transformedsothatitworksfor allparticipants.
In Britain the move towards open access publishing has been driven by funding
bodies. In some ways it has been very successful. More than half of all British
scientific research is now published under open access terms: either freely available
from the moment of publication, or paywalled for a year or more so that the
publisherscanmakeaprofitbeforebeingplacedongeneralrelease.
Yet the new system has not worked out any cheaper for the universities. Publishers
have responded to the demand that they make their product free to readers by charging
their writers fees to cover the costs of preparing an article. These range from around
£500 to $5,000. A report last year pointed out that the costs both of subscriptions and of
these“articlepreparationcosts”hadbeensteadilyrisingatarateaboveinflation.
In some ways the scientific publishing model resembles the economy of the
social internet: labour is provided free in exchange for the hope of status, while huge
profits are made by a few big firms who run the market places. In both cases, we need
arebalancingofpower.
.5.
pastpapers.cn
26. Scientificpublishingisseenas“alicencetoprintmoney”partlybecause
[A]itsfundinghasenjoyedasteadyincrease.
[B]itsmarketingstrategyhasbeensuccessful.
[C]itspaymentforpeerreviewisreduced.
[D]itscontentacquisitioncostsnothing.
27. AccordingtoParagraphs2and3,scientificpublishers likeElsevierhave
[A]thrivedmainlyonuniversitylibraries.
[B]gonethroughanexistentialcrisis.
[C]revivedthepublishingindustry.
[D]financedresearchersgenerously.
28. HowdoestheauthorfeelaboutthesuccessofSci-Hub?
[A]Relieved.
[B]Puzzled.
[C]Concerned.
[D]Encouraged.
29. Itcanbelearnedfrom Paragraphs5and6thatopenaccessterms
[A]allowpublisherssomeroomtomakemoney.
[B]renderpublishingmucheasierforscientists.
[C]reducethecostofpublicationsubstantially.
[D]freeuniversitiesfromfinancialburdens.
30. Whichofthefollowingcharacterizesthescientificpublishingmodel?
[A]Trialsubscriptionisoffered.
[B]Labourtriumphsoverstatus.
[C] Costsarewellcontrolled.
[D]Thefewfeedonthemany.
.6.
pastpapers.cn
Text3
Progressives often support diversity mandates asa path to equality and a way to level
the playing field. But all too often such policies are an insincere form of virtue-signaling
thatbenefitsonlythemostprivilegedanddoeslittletohelpaveragepeople.
A pair of bills sponsored by Massachusetts state Senator Jason Lewis and House
Speaker Pro Tempore Patricia Haddad, to ensure “gender parity” on boards and
commissions,provideacaseinpoint.
Haddad and Lewis are concerned that more than half the state-government
boards are less than 40 percent female. In order to ensure that elite women have more
such opportunities, they have proposed imposing government quotas. If the bills
become law, state boards and commissions will be required to set aside 50 percent of
boardseatsfor womenby2022.
The bills are similar to a measure recently adopted in California, which last year
became the first state to require gender quotas for private companies. In signing the
measure, California Governor Jerry Brown admitted that the law, which expressly
classifiespeopleonthebasisofsex,isprobablyunconstitutional.
The US Supreme Court frowns on sex-based classifications unless they are
designed to address an “important” policy interest, Because the California law applies
to all boards, even where there is no history of prior discrimination, courts are likely to
rulethatthelawviolatestheconstitutionalguaranteeof“equalprotection”.
But are such government mandates even necessary? Female participation on
corporate boards may not currently mirror the percentage of women in the general
population,butso what?
The number of women on corporate boards has been steadily increasing without
government interference. According to a study by Catalyst, between 2010 and 2015 the
shareofwomenontheboardsofglobalcorporationsincreasedby54percent.
Requiring companies to make gender the primary qualification for board
membership will inevitably lead to less experienced private sector boards. That is exactly
whathappenedwhenNorwayadoptedanationwidecorporategenderquota.
Writing in The New Republic, Alice Lee notes that increasing the number of
opportunities for board membership without increasing the pool of qualified women to
serve on such boards has led to a “golden skirt” phenomenon, where the same elite
womenscoopupmultipleseatsonavarietyofboards.
Next time somebody pushes corporate quotas as a way to promote gender equity,
remember that such policies are largely self-serving measures that make their sponsors
feelgoodbutdolittletohelpaveragewomen.
.7.
pastpapers.cn
31.TheauthorbelievesthatthebillssponsoredbyLewisandHaddadwill
[A]helplittletoreducegenderbias.
[B]poseathreattothestategovernment.
[C]raisewomen’spositioninpolitics.
[D]greatlybroadencareeroptions.
32. WhichofthefollowingistrueoftheCaliforniameasure?
[A]Ithasirritatedprivatebusinessowners.
[B]ItiswelcomedbytheSupremeCourt.
[C]ItmaygoagainsttheConstitution.
[D]Itwillsettlethepriorcontroversies.
33. TheauthormentionsthestudybyCatalysttoillustrate
[A]theharmfromarbitraryboarddecisions.
[B] theimportanceofconstitutionalguarantees.
[C]thepressureonwomeninglobalcorporations.
[D]theneedlessnessofgovernmentinterventions.
34. Norway’sadoptionofanationwidecorporategenderquotahasledto
[A]theunderestimationofelitewomen’srole.
[B]theobjectiontofemaleparticipationonboards.
[C] theentryofunqualifiedcandidatesintotheboard.
[D]thegrowingtensionbetweenlaborandmanagement.
35. Whichofthefollowingcanbeinferredfromthetext?
[A]Women’sneedsinemploymentshouldbeconsidered.
[B]Feasibilityshouldbeaprimeconcerninpolicymaking.
[C]Everyoneshouldtryhardtopromotesocialjustice.
[D]Majorsocialissuesshouldbethefocusoflegislation.
.8.
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Last Thursday, the French Senate passed a digital services tax, which would
impose an entirely new tax on large multinationals that provide digital services to
consumers or users in France. Digital services include everything from providing a
platformfor sellinggoodsandservicesonlinetotargetingadvertisingbasedonuserdata,
and the tax applies to gross revenue from such services. Many French politicians and
media outlets have referred to this as a “ GAFA tax,” meaning that it is designed to
apply primarily to companies such as Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon—in other
words,multinationaltechcompaniesbasedintheUnitedStates.
The digital services tax now awaits the signature of President Emmanuel Macron,
who has expressed support for the measure, and it could go into effect within the next
few weeks. But it has already sparked significant controversy, with the United States
trade representative opening an investigation into whether the tax discriminates against
Americancompanies,whichintumcouldleadtotradesanctionsagainstFrance.
The French tax is not just a unilateral move by one country in need of revenue.
Instead, the digital services tax is part of a much larger trend, with countries over the
past few years proposing or putting in place an alphabet soup of new international tax
provisions. These have included Britain’s DPT (diverted profits tax), Australia’s
MAAL (multinational antiavoidance law), and India’s SEP (significant economic
presence) test, to name but a few. At the same time, the European Union, Spain, Britain
andseveralothercountrieshaveallseriouslycontemplateddigitalservicestaxes.
These unilateral developments differ in their specifics, but they are all designed
to tax multinationals on income and revenue that countries believe they should have a
right to tax, even if international tax rules do not grant them that right. In other words,
they all share a view that the international tax system has failed to keep up with the
currenteconomy.
In response to these many unilateral measures, the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development (OECD) is currently working with 131 countries to
reach a consensus by the end of 2020 on an international solution. Both France and
the United States are involved in the organization's work, but France's digital services
tax and the American response raise questions about what the future holds for the
internationaltaxsystem.
France’s planned tax is a clear warning: Unless a broad consensus can be
reachedonreformingtheinternationaltaxsystem,othernationsarelikelytofollow suit,
and American companies will face a cascade of different taxes from dozens of nations
thatwillproveburdensomeandcostly.
.9.
pastpapers.cn
36. TheFrenchSenatehaspassedabillto
[A]regulatedigitalservicesplatforms.
[B]imposealevyontechmultinationals.
[C]protectFrenchcompanies’interests.
[D]curbtheinfluenceofadvertising.
37. ItcanbelearnedfromParagraph2thatthedigitalservicestax
[A]willpromptthetechgiantstoquitFrance.
[B]aimstoeaseinternationaltradetensions.
[C]isapttoarousecriticismathomeandabroad.
[D]maytriggercountermeasuresagainstFrance.
38. Thecountriesadoptingtheunilateralmeasuressharetheopinionthat
[A]thecurrentinternationaltaxsystemneedsupgrading.
[B]redistributionoftechgiants’revenuemustbeensured.
[C]techmultinationals’monopolyshouldbeprevented.
[D]allcountriesoughttoenjoyequaltaxingrights.
39. Itcanbelearnedfrom Paragraph5thattheOECD’scurrentwork
[A]isbeingresisted by US companies.
[B]isfacedwithuncertainprospects.
[C]needstobereadjustedimmediately.
[D]needstoinvolvemorecountries.
40. Whichofthefollowingmightbethebesttitleforthistext?
[A]FranceleadsthechargeonDigitalTax
[B]FranceIsConfrontedwithTradeSanctions
[C]FranceDemandsaRoleintheDigitalEconomy
[D]FranceSays“NO”toTechMultinationals
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There are
.10.
pastpapers.cn
twoextrasubheadings. MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET. (10 points)
[A]Eyefixationsarebrief
[B]Toomucheyecontactisinstinctivelyfelttoberude
[C]Eyecontactcanbeafriendlysocialsignal
[D]Personalitycanaffecthowapersonreactstoeyecontact
[E]Biologicalfactorsbehindeyecontactarebeinginvestigated
[F]Mostpeoplearenotcomfortableholdingeyecontactwithstrangers
[G]Eyecontactcanalsobeaggressive.
In a social situation, eye contact with another person can show that you are
paying attention in a friendly way. But it can also be antagonistic such as when a
political candidate turns toward their competitor during a debate and makes eye
contactthatsignalshostility.Here’swhathardsciencerevealsabouteyecontact:
41.
We know that a typical infant will instinctively gaze into its mother’s eyes, and
she will look back. This mutual gaze is a major part of the attachment between
mother and child. In adulthood, looking at someone else in a pleasant way can be a
complimentary sign of paying attention. It can catch someone’s attention in a
crowded room, “Eye contact and smiles” can signal availability and confidence, a
common-sensenotionsupportedinstudiesbypsychologist MonicaMoore.
42.
Neuroscientist Bonnie Auyeung found that the hormone oxytocin increased the
amountofeyecontactfrommentoward the interviewerduring a brief interviewwhen
thedirection of theirgaze wasrecorded.Thiswasalsofound in high-functioningmen
with some autistic spectrum symptoms, who may tend to avoid eye contact. Specific
.11.
pastpapers.cn
brainregionsthatrespondduringdirectgaze arebeingexploredbyotherresearchers,
usingadvancedmethodsofbrainscanning.
43.
With the use of eye-tracking technology, Julia Minson of the Harvard Kennedy
School of Government concluded that eye contact can signal very different kinds of
messages, depending on the situation. While eye contact may be a sign of connection
or trust in friendly situations, it’s more likely to be associated with dominance or
intimidation in adversarial situations. “Whether you’re a politician or a parent, it
might be helpful to keep in mind that trying to maintain eye contact may backfire if
you’re trying to convince someone who has a different set of beliefs than you,”said
Minson.
44.
When we look at a face or a picture, our eyes pause on one spot at a time, often
on the eyes or mouth. These pauses typically occur at about three per second, and the
eyes then jump to another spot, until several important points in the image are
registered like a series of snapshots. How the whole image is then assembled and
perceivedisstillamysteryalthough itisthesubjectofcurrentresearch.
45.
In people who score high in a test of neuroticism, a personality dimension
associated with self-consciousness and anxiety, eye contact triggered more activity
associated with avoidance,according to the Finnish researcher Jari Hietanen and
colleagues. “Our findings indicate that people do not only feel different when they
are the centre of attention but that their brain reactions also differ.” A more direct
findingisthatpeoplewhoscoredhigh for negativeemotionslikeanxietylookedat
.12.
pastpapers.cn
othersforshorterperiodsoftimeandreportedmorecomfortablefeelingswhenothers
didnotlookdirectlyatthem.
.13.
pastpapers.cn
PartCDirections:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
Following the explosion of creativity in Florence during the 14th century known
as the Renaissance, the modern world saw a departure from what it had once
known. It turned from God and the authority of the Roman Catholic Church and
instead favoured a more humanistic approach to being. Renaissance ideas had spread
throughout Europe well into the 17th century,with the arts and sciences flourishing
extraordinarily among those with a more logical disposition. (46) with the Church’s
teachings and ways of thinking being eclipsed by the Renaissance,the gap between the
Medieval and modern periods had been bridged, leading to new and unexplored
intellectualterritories.
During the Renaissance, the great minds of Nicolaus Copernicus, Johannes Kepler
and Galileo Galilei demonstrated the power of scientific study and discovery.
(47) Before each of their revelations, many thinkers at the time had sustained more
ancient ways of thinking, including the geocentric view that the Earth was at the
centreofour universe. Copernicustheorizedin 1543thatallof the planetsthatwe knew
of revolved not around the Earth, but the Sun, a system that was later upheld by Galileo
at his own expense. Offering up such a theory during a time of high tension between
scientific and religious minds was branded as heresy, and any such heretics that
continuedtospreadtheseliesweretobepunishedbyimprisonmentorevendeath.
(48) Despite attempts by the Church to suppress. this new generation of logicians
and rationalists, more explanations for how the universe functioned were being made
at a rate that the people could no longer ignore.It was with these great revelations that a
newkindofphilosophyfoundedinreasonwasborn.
The Church’s long-standing dogma was losing the great battle for truth to
rationalists and scientists. This very fact embodied the new ways of thinking that
swept through Europe during most of the 17th century. (49) As many took on the
duty of trying to integrate reasoning and scientific philosophies into the world, the
Renaissancewasoveranditwastimeforanewera-theAge ofReason.
The 17th and 18th centuries were times of radical change and curiosity, Scientific
method,reductionismandthequestioningofChurchidealswastobeencouraged,aswere
ideas of liberty, tolerance and progress. (50) Such actions to seek knowledge and to
understandwhatinformationwealreadyknewwerecapturedbytheLatinphrase ‘sapere
aude’ or ‘dare to know’, after Immanuel Kant used it in his essay An Answer to the
Question: What is Enlightenment?”. It was the purpose and responsibility of great
minds to go forth and seek out the truth, which they believed to be founded in
knowledge.
.14.
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
ThestudentUnionofyouruniversityhasassignedyou toinformtheinternational
studentsaboutanupcomingsingingcontest.Writeanoticeinabout100words.
Writeyour answerontheANSWERSHEET.
Donot useyourown nameinthenotice. (10 points)
PartB
52.Directions:
Writeanessayof160-200wordsbasedonthepicturesbelow.In your essay,you
should
1) describethepicturebriefly,
2) interprettheimpliedmeaning, and
3) giveyourcomments.
YoushouldwriteneatlyontheANSWERSHEET.(20points)
.15.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2020年 英语二 (来源: 2020-2.pdf)
2020年全国硕士研究生入学统一考试英语（二）试题
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word (s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
Being a good parent is what every parent would like to be. But defining what it
means to be a good parent is undoubtedly very 1 , particularly since children
respond differently to the same style of parenting. A calm, rule-following child might
respondbettertoadifferentsortofparentingthan, 2 , ayoungersibling.
3 , there’s another sort of parent that’s a bit easier to 4 : a patient parent.
Childrenofeveryagebenefitfrompatientparenting.Still, 5 everyparentwouldliketo
be patient, this is no easy 6 . Sometimes parents get exhausted and frustrated and are
unabletomaintaina 7 andcomposedstylewiththeirkids. Iunderstandthis.
You’re only human, and sometimes your kids can 8 you just a little too far.
And thenthe 9 happens: You loseyour patience andeitherscream atyour kids
orsaysomethingthatwasabittoo 10 anddoesnobodyanygood. Youwish that
youcould 11 theclockandstartover,We’veallbeenthere.
12 , even though it’s common, it’s important to keep in mind that in a single
moment of fatigue, you can say something to your child that you may 13 for
a long time. This may not only do damage to your relationship with your child but
also 14 your child’sself-esteem.
If you consistently lose your 15 with your kids, then you are inadvertently
modeling a lackof emotionalcontrol for your kids. We areallbecoming increasingly
aware of the 16 of modeling tolerance and patience for the younger generation.
Thisisaskillthatwillhelpthemallthroughoutlife. In fact,theabilitytoemotionally
regulate or maintain emotional control when 17 by stress is one of the most
importantofalllife’sskills.
Certainly, it’s incredibly 18 to maintain patience at all times with your
children. A more practical goal is to try, to the best of your ability, to be as tolerant
and composed as you can when faced with 19 situations involving your
children. I can promise you this: As a result of working toward this goal. you and
your children will benefit and 20 from stressful moments feeling better physically
andemotionally.
1
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]tedious [B]pleasant [C]instructive [D]tricky
2.[A]inaddition [B]for example [C]atonce [D]byaccident
3.[A]Fortunately [B]Occasionally [C]Accordingly [D]Eventually
4.[A]amuse [B]assist [C]describe [D]train
5.[A]while [B]because [C]unless [D]once
6.[A]answer [B]task [C]choice [D]access
7.[A]tolerant [B]formal [C]rigid [D]critical
8.[A]move [B]drag [C]push [D]send
9.[A]mysterious [B]illogical [C]suspicious [D]inevitable
10.[A]boring [B]naive [C]harsh [D]vague
11.[A]turnback [B]takeapart [C]setaside [D]coverup
12.[A]Overall [B]Instead [C]However [D]Otherwise
13.[A]like [B]miss [C]believe [D]regret
14.[A]raise [B]affect [C]justify [D]reflect
15.[A]time [B]bond [C]race [D]cool
16.[A]nature [B]secret [C]importance [D]context
17.[A]cheated [B]defeated [C]confused [D]confronted
18.[A]terrible [B]hard [C]strange [D]wrong
19.[A]trying [B]changing [C]exciting [D]surprising
20.[A]hide [B]emerge [C]withdraw [D]escape
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directios:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsbeloweachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET1.(40points)
2
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Ratsandother animalsneed tobehighly attunedto socialsignalsfrom others so
they can identify friends to cooperate with and enemies to avoid.To find out if this
extendstonon-living beings, Laleh Quinnat theUniversity of California, San Diego,
andhercolleaguestestedwhetherratscandetectsocialsignalsfromroboticrats.
They housed eight adult rats with two types of robotic rat—one social and one
asocial—for four days.The robot rats were quite minimalist, resembling a chunkier
versionofacomputermousewithwheelstomovearoundandcolourfulmarkings.
During the experiment, the social robot rat followed the living rats around,
played with the same toys, and opened cage doors to let trapped rats escape.
Meanwhile,theasocialrobotsimplymovedforwardsandbackwardsandsidetoside.
Next, the researchers trapped the robots in cages and gave the rats the
opportunity to release them by pressing a lever.Across 18 trials each, the living rats
were 52 per cent more likely on average to set the social robot free than the asocial
one. This suggests that the rats perceived the social robot as a genuine social being,
says Quinn. The rats may have bonded more with the social robot because it
displayed behaviors like communal exploring and playing. This could lead to the rats
better remembering having freed it earlier, and wanting the robot to return the favour
whentheygettrapped,shesays.
“Rats have been shown to engage in multiple forms of reciprocal help and
cooperation, including what is referred to as direct reciprocity where a rat will help
anotherratthathaspreviouslyhelpedthem,”says Quinn.
The readiness of the rats to befriend the social robot was surprising given its
minimal design.The robot was the same size as a regular rat but resembled a simple
plastic box on wheels. “We’d assumed we’d have to give it a moving head and tail,
facial features, and put a scent on it to make it smell like a real rat, but that wasn’t
necessary,”says Janet Wiles at the University of Queensland in Australia, who
helpedwiththeresearch.
The finding shows how sensitive rats are to social cues, even when they come
from basic robots. says Wiles. Similarly, children tend to treat robots as if they are
fellow beings, even when they display only simple social signals. “We humans seem
tobefascinatedbyrobots,anditturnsoutotheranimalsaretoo,”saysWiles.
3
pastpapers.cn
21.Quinnandhercolleaguesconductedatesttoseeif ratscan .
[A] pickupsocialsignalsfromnon-living rats
[B] distinguishafriendlyratfromahostileone
[C] attainsociabletraitsthroughspecialtraining
[D] sendoutwarningmessagestotheirfellows
22.Whatdidtheasocialrobotdoduringtheexperiment?
[A] Itfollowedthesocialrobot.
[B] Itplayed withsometoys.
[C] Itsetthetrappedratsfree.
[D] Itmovedaroundalone.
23.AccordingtoQuinn,theratsreleasedthesocialrobotbecausethey .
[A]triedtopracticeameansofescape.
[B]expectedittodothesameinreturn.
[C]wantedtodisplaytheirintelligence.
[D]consideredthataninterestinggame.
24.JanetWilesnotesthatrats .
[A]canrememberotherrats’facialfeatures.
[B]differentiatesmellsbetterthansizes.
[C]respondmoretoactionsthantolooks.
[D]canbescaredbyaplasticboxonwheels.
25.Itcanbelearnedfromthetextthatrats .
[A]appeartobeadaptabletonewsurroundings
[B]aremoresociallyactivethanotheranimals
[C]behavedifferentlyfrom childreninsocializing
[D]aremoresensitive tosocialcuesthanexpected
4
pastpapers.cn
Text2
It is true that CEO pay has gone up—top ones may make 300 times the pay of
typical workers on average, and since the mid-1970s, CEO pay for large publicly
traded American corporations has, by varying estimates, gone up by about 500%. The
typicalCEOofatopAmericancorporationnowmakesabout$18.9millionayear.
The best model for understanding the growth of CEO pay is that of limited CEO
talent in a world where business opportunities for the top firms are growing rapidly.
The efforts of America’ s highest-earning 1% have been one of the more dynamic
elements of the global economy. It’s not popular to say. but one reason their pay has
gone up so much is that CEOs really have upped their game relative to many other
workersintheU.S.economy.
Today’ s CEO, at least for major American firms, must have many more skills
than simply being able to “run the company.” CEOs must have a good sense of
financial markets and maybe even how the company should trade in them .They also
need better public relations skills than their predecessors, as the costs of even a minor
slipup can be significant. Then there’s the fact that large American companies are
much more globalized than ever before, with supply chains spread across a larger
number of countries. To lead in that system requires knowledge that is fairly
mind-boggling. Plus, virtually all major American companies are becoming tech
companies, one way or another. Beyond this, major CEOs still have to do all the
day-to-dayworktheyhavealwaysdone.
The common idea that high CEO pay is mainly about ripping people off doesn’t
explain history very well. By most measures, corporate governance has become a lot
tighter and more rigorous since the 1970s. Yet it is principally during this period of
stronger governance that CEO pay has been high and rising.That suggests it is in the
broadercorporateinteresttorecruittopcandidatesfor increasinglytoughjobs.
Furthermore, the highest CEO salaries are paid to outside candidates, not to the
cozy insider picks, another sign that high CEO pay is not some kind of depredation at
the expense of the rest of the company. And the stock market reacts positively when
companies tie CEO pay to, say, stock prices, a sign that those practices build up
corporatevaluenotjustfor theCEO.
5
pastpapers.cn
26.WhichofthefollowinghascontributedtoCEOpayrise?
[A] Thegrowthinthenumberofcorporations.
[B] Thegeneralpayrisewithabettereconomy.
[C] Increasedbusinessopportunitiesfor topfirms.
[D] Closecooperationamongleadingeconomies.
27.Comparedwiththeirpredecessors,today’sCEOsarerequiredto .
[A] fosterastrongersenseofteamwork
[B] financemoreresearchanddevelopment
[C] establishclosertieswithtechcompanies
[D] operatemoreglobalizedcompanies
28.CEOpayhasbeenrisingsincethe1970sdespite . .
[A] continualinternalopposition
[B] strictcorporategovernance
[C] conservativebusinessstrategies
[D] repeatedgovernmentwarnings
29.HighCEOpaycanbejustifiedbythefactthatithelps .
[A] confirmthestatusofCEOs
[B] motiveinsidecandidates
[C] boosttheefficiencyofCEOs
[D] increasecorporatevalue
30.Themostsuitabletitlefor thistextwouldbe .
[A] CEOsAreNotOverpaid
[B] CEOPay: PastandPresent
[C] CEOs’Challengesof Today
[D] CEOTraits:NotEasytoDefine
6
pastpapers.cn
Text3
Madrid was hailed as a public health beacon last November when it rolled out
ambitious restrictions on the most polluting cars. Seven months and one election day
later, a new conservative city council suspended enforcement of the clean air zone, a
firststeptowarditspossibledemise.
Mayor José Luis Martinez-Almeida made opposition to the zone a centrepiece of
his election campaign, despite its success in improving air quality. A judge has now
overruled the city’s decision to stop levying fines, ordering them reinstated. But with
legalbattlesahead,thezone’sfuturelooksuncertainatbest.
Among other weaknesses, the measures cities must employ when left to tackle
dirty air on their own are politically contentious, and therefore vulnerable. That’s
because they inevitably put the costs of cleaning the air on to individual drivers—who
must pay fees or buy better vehicles—rather than on to the car manufacturers whose
cheatingistherealcauseofourtoxicpollution.
It’s not hard to imagine a similar reversal happening in London. The new
ultra-low emission zone (Ulez) is likely to be a big issue in next year's mayoral
election. And if Sadiq khan wins and extends it to the North and South Circular roads
in 2021 as he intends, it is sure to spark intense opposition from the far larger number
ofmotoristswhowillthenbeaffected.
It's not that measures such as London’s Ulez are useless. Far from it. Local
officials are using the levers that are available to them to safeguard residents’ health
in the face of a serious threat. The zones do deliver some improvements to air quality,
and the science tells us that means real health benefits—fewer heart attacks, strokes
andprematurebirths, lesscancer,dementiaandasthma.Feweruntimelydeaths.
But mayors and councilors can only do so much about a problem that is far
bigger than any one city or town. They are acting because national governments—
Britain’sandothersacrossEurope—havefailedtodoso.
Restrictions that keep highly polluting cars out of certain areas—city centres,
“school streets”, even individual roads—are a response to the absence of a larger
effort to properly enforce existing regulations and require auto companies to bring
their vehicles into compliance. Wales has introduced special low speed limits
to minimise pollution. We’re doing everything but insist that manufacturers clean up
theircars.
7
pastpapers.cn
31.WhichofthefollowingistrueaboutMadrid’scleanairzone?
[A] Itseffectsarequestionable.
[B] Ithasbeenopposedbyajudge.
[C] Itneedstougherenforcement.
[D] Itsfateisyettobedecided.
32.Whichisconsideredaweaknessofthecity-levelmeasurestotackledirtyair?
[A] Theyarebiasedagainstcarmanufacturers.
[B] Theyproveimpracticalforcitycouncils.
[C] Theyaredeemedtoomildforpoliticians.
[D] Theyputtoomuchburdenonindividualmotorists.
33.Theauthorbelievesthattheextensionof London’sUlezwill .
[A] arousestrongresistance
[B] ensureKhan’selectoralsuccess
[C] improvethecity’straffic
[D] discouragecarmanufacturing
34.Whodoestheauthorthinkshouldhaveaddressedtheproblem?
[A] Localresidents.
[B] Mayors.
[C] Councilors.
[D] Nationalgovernments.
35.Itcanbeinferredfromthelastparagraphthatautocompanies .
[A] willraiselow-emissioncarproduction
[B] shouldbeforcedtofollowregulations
[C] willupgradethedesignoftheirvehicles
[D] shouldbeputunderpublicsupervision
8
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Now that members of Generation Z are graduating college this spring—the most
commonly-accepted definition says this generation was born after 1995, give or take
a year—the attention has been rising steadily in recent weeks. Gen Zs are about to hit
the streets looking for work in a labor market that’s tighter than it's been in decades.
And employers are planning on hiring about 17 percent more new graduates for jobs
in the U.S. this year than last, according to a survey conducted by the National
Association of Colleges and Employers. Everybody wants to know how the people
who will soon inhabit those empty office cubicles will differ from those who came
beforethem.
If “entitled” is the most common adjective, fairly or not, applied to
millennials (those born between 1981 and 1995), the catchwords for Generation
Z are practical and cautious. According to the career counselors and experts who
study them, Generation Zs are clear-eyed, economic pragmatists. Despite
graduating into the best economy in the past 50 years, Gen Zs know what an
economic train wreck looks like. They were impressionable kids during the crash
of 2008, when many of their parents lost their jobs or their life savings or both.
They aren't interested in taking any chances. The booming economy seems to
have done little to assuage this underlying generational sense of anxious urgency,
especially for those who have college debt. College loan balances in the U.S.
nowstandatarecord$1.5trillion,accordingtotheFederalReserve.
One survey from Accenture found that 88 percentof graduating seniors this year
chose their major with a job in mind. In a 2019 survey of University of Georgia
students, meanwhile, the career office found the most desirable trait in a future
employer was the ability to offer secure employment (followed by professional
development and training, and then inspiring purpose). Job security or stability was
the second most important career goal(work-life balance was number one), followed
byasenseofbeingdedicatedtoacauseortofeelgood aboutservingthegreatergood.
That’s a big change from the previous generation. “Millennials wanted more
flexibility in their lives,” notes Tanya Michelsen, Associate Director of YouthSight, a
UK-based brand manager that conducts regular 60-day surveys of British youth, in
findings that might just as well apply to American youth. “Generation Zs are looking
for more certainty and stability, because of the rise of the gig economy. They have
troublesseeingafinancialfutureandtheyarequiteriskaverse.”
9
pastpapers.cn
36. GenerationZsgraduatingcollegethisspring .
[A]arerecognizedfor theirabilities
[B]areoptimisticaboutthelabormarket
[C]areinfavorofofficejoboffers
[D]aredrawinggrowingpublicattention
37. GenerationZsarekeenlyaware .
[A]whattheirparentsexpectofthem
[B] howvaluableacounselor’sadviceis
[C]whatatougheconomicsituationislike
[D]howtheydifferfrompastgenerations
38. Theword“assuage”(line9,para.2)isclosestinmeaningto .
[A]deepen
[B]define
[C]maintain
[D]relieve
39. ItcanbelearnedfromParagraph3thatGenerationZs .
[A]givetopprioritytoprofessionaltraining
[B] haveaclearideaabouttheirfuturejob
[C]carelittleabouttheirjobperformance
[D]thinkithardtoachievework-lifebalance
40. Michelsenthinksthatcomparedwithmillennials,GenerationZsare .
[A]lessrealistic
[B]lessadventurous
[C]morediligent
[D]moregenerous
10
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subheadingfromthelistA-Gfor eachnumberedparagraph (41-45).Therearetwo extra
subheadings which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the ANSWER
SHEET.(10points)
[A] Givecompliments,justnottoomany
[B] Putonagood face,always
[C] Tailoryour interactions
[D] Spendtimewitheveryone
[E] Reveal,don’thide,information
[F] Slowdownandlisten
[G] Putyourselvesinothers’shoes
Five Ways to WinOver Everyone intheOffice
Is it possible to like everyone in your office? Think about how tough it is to get
together 15 people, much less 50, who all get along perfectly. But unlike in
friendships, you need coworkers. You work with them every day, and you depend on
them just as they depend on you. Here are some ways that you can get the whole
officeonyour side.
41.
If you have a bone to pick with someone in your workplace, you may try to stay
tight-lipped around them. But you won’t be helping either one of you. A Harvard
Business School study found that observers consistently rated those who were upfront
about themselves more highly, while those who hid lost trustworthiness. The lesson is
not that you should make your personal life an open book, but rather, when given the
option to offer up details about yourself or studiously stash them away, you should
justbehonest.
42.
Just as important as being honest about yourself is being receptive to others. We
often feel the need to tell others how we feel, whether it's a concern about a project, a
11
pastpapers.cn
stray thought, or a compliment. Those are all valid, but you need to take time to hear
out your coworkers, too. In fact, rushing to get your own ideas out there can cause
colleagues to feel you don’t value their opinions. Do your best to engage coworkers in
agenuine,back-and-forthconversation,ratherthanprioritizingyour ownthoughts.
43.
It's common to have a “cubicle mate” or special confidant in a work setting. But
in addition to those trusted coworkers, you should expand your horizons and find out
about all the people around you. Use your lunch and coffee breaks to meet up with
colleagues you don’t always see. Find out about their lives and interests beyond the
job. It requires minimal effort and goes a long way. This will help to grow your
internalnetwork,inadditiontobeinganicebreakintheworkday.
44.
Positive feedback is important for anyone to hear. And you don’t have to be
someone’s boss to tell them they did an exceptional job on a particular project. This
will help engender good will in others. But don't overdo it or be fake about it. One
study found that people responded best to comments that shifted from negative to
positive,possiblybecauseitsuggestedtheyhadwonsomebodyover.
45.
This one may be a bit more difficult to pull off, but it can go a long way to
achieving results. Remember in dealing with any coworker what they appreciate from an
interaction. Watch out for how they verbalize with others. Some people like small
talk in a meeting before digging into important matters, while others are more
straightforward. Jokes that work on one person won’t necessarily land with another.
So, adapt your style accordingly to type. Consider the person that you’re dealing with
inadvanceandwhatwillget youtoyourdesiredoutcome.
12
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46.Directions
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
It's almost impossible to go through life without experiencing some kind of
failure. But, the wonderful thing about failure is that it's entirely up to us to decide
howtolookatit.
Wecanchoosetoseefailureas“theendoftheworld”. Or,wecanlookatfailureas
theincrediblelearningexperiencethatitoftenis.Everytimewefailatsomething, wecan
choose to look for the lesson we’re meant to learn. These lessons are very important;
they’re how we grow, and how we keep from making that same mistake again. Failures
stopusonlyifweletthem.
Failure can also teach us things about ourselves that we would never have
learned otherwise. For instance, failure can help you discover how strong a person
you are. Failing at something can help you discover your truest friends, or help you
findunexpectedmotivationtosucceed.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Suppose you are planning a tour of a historical site for a group of international
students.Writeanemailto
1)tellthemaboutthesite,and
2)givethemsometipsfor thetour.
Pleasewriteyour answerontheANSWER SHEET.
Donotuseyour ownname,use“Li Ming”instead.(10points)
PartB
48.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.In your writing, youshould
1) interpretthechart,and
2) giveyourcomments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
14
pastpapers.cn
2020年考研英语二真题答案
Section ⅠUse of English
1.D 2.B 3.A 4.C 5.A 6.B 7.A 8.C 9.D 10.C
11.A 12.C 13.D 14.B 15.D 16.C 17.D 18.B 19.A 20.B
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 ADB C D Text2 26~30 C DBDA
Text3 31~35 DD ADB Text 4 36~40 D CDB B
PartB
41.E 42.F 43.D 44.A 45.C
PartC
46.
人活一生几乎不可能经历某种失败。但失败的美妙之处在于，如何看待失败完
全取决于我们自己。
我们可以选择将失败看作“世界末日”。或者，我们可以把它视为绝佳的学习经
历，事实上失败往往就是如此。每次失败时，我们都可以选择从中寻找应当吸取的
教训。这些教训非常重要;它们让我们成长，让我们避免再犯同样的错误。失败不击
垮我们，除非我们自己放弃。
失败也可以让我们了解自己，若非经历失败，可能永远都了解不到。例如，失败
可以帮助你发现自己有多强大。失败可以帮你发现最真诚的朋友，或者帮你找到意
想不到的成功动力。
Section III Writing
47、48见解析
15
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2019年 英语一 (来源: 2019-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2019 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
2019年全国硕士研究生招生考试英语（一）试题
Section Ⅰ Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
Todaywe live in a world where GPS systems, digital maps, and other navigation
apps are available on our smartphones. 1 of us just walk straight into the woods
without a phone. But phones 2 on batteries, and batteries can die faster than we
realize. 3 you get lost without a phone or a compass, and you 4 can’t find
north, we have a few tricks to help you navigate 5 to civilization, one of which is
tofollowtheland.
When you find yourself well 6 a trail, but not in a completely 7 area,
you have to answer two questions: Which 8 is downhill, in this particular area?
And where is the nearest water source? Humans overwhelmingly live in valleys, and
onsuppliesoffresh water. 9 ,ifyou headdownhill,andfollowanyH
2
Oyou find,
youshould 10 seesignsofpeople.
If you’ve explored the area before, keep an eye out for familiar sights – you may
be 11 howquicklyidentifyingadistinctiverockortreecanrestoreyour bearings.
Another 12 : Climb high and look for signs of human habitation. 13 ,
even in dense forest, you should be able to 14 gaps in the tree line due to roads,
train tracks, and other paths people carve 15 the woods. Head toward these
16 to find a way out. At night, scan the horizon for 17 light sources, such as fires
andstreetlights,thenwalktowardtheglowoflightpollution.
18 , assuming you’re lost in an area humans tend to frequent, look for
the 19 we leave on the landscape. Trail blazes, tire tracks, and other features
can 20 you tocivilization.
.1.
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]Some [B]Most [C]Few [D]All
2.[A]put [B]take [C]run [D]come
3.[A]Since [B]If [C]Though [D]Until
4.[A]formally [B]relatively [C]gradually [D]literally
5.[A]back [B]next [C]around [D]away
6.[A]onto [B]off [C]across [D]alone
7.[A]unattractive [B]uncrowded [C]unchanged [D]unfamiliar
8.[A]site [B]point [C]way [D]place
9.[A]So [B]Yet [C]Instead [D]Besides
10.[A]immediately [B]intentionally [C]unexpectedly [D]eventually
11.[A]surprised [B]annoyed [C]frightened [D]confused
12.[A]problem [B]option [C]view [D]result
13.[A]Above all [B]In contrast [C]Onaverage [D]Forexample
14.[A]bridge [B]avoid [C]spot [D]separate
15.[A]from [B]through [C]beyond [D]under
16.[A]posts [B]links [C]shades [D]breaks
17.[A]artificial [B]mysterious [C]hidden [D]limited
18.[A]Finally [B]Consequently [C]Incidentally [D]Generally
19.[A]memories [B]marks [C]notes [D]belongings
20.[A]restrict [B]adopt [C]lead [D]expose
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
.2.
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Financial regulators in Britain have imposed a rather unusual rule on the bosses
of big banks. Starting next year, any guaranteed bonus of top executives could be
delayed 10 years if their banks are under investigation for wrongdoing. The main
purpose of this “clawback” rule is to hold bankers accountable for harmful risk-taking
and to restore public trust in financial institutions. Yetofficials also hope for a much
larger benefit: more long-term decisionmaking, not only by banks but by all
corporations,tobuildastronger economyforfuturegenerations.
“Short-termism” or the desire for quick profits, has worsened in publicly traded
companies, says the Bank of England’s top economist, Andrew Haldane. He quotes a
giant of classical economics, Alfred Marshall, in describing this financial impatience
as acting like “children who pick the plums out of their pudding to eat them at once”
ratherthanputtingthemasidetobeeatenlast.
The average time for holding a stock in both the United States and Britain, he
notes, has dropped from seven years to seven months in recent decades. Transient
investors, who demand high quarterly profits from companies, can hinder a firm’s
efforts to invest in long-term research or to build up customer loyalty. This has been
dubbed“quarterlycapitalism.”
In addition, new digital technologies have allowed more rapid trading of equities,
quicker use of information, and thus shorter attention spans in financial markets.
“There seems to be a predominance of short-term thinking at the expense of long-
term investing,” said Commissioner Daniel Gallagher of the US Securities and
ExchangeCommissioninaspeechthisweek.
In the US, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has pushed most public companies to
defer performance bonuses for senior executives by about a year, slightly helping
reduce“short-termism.” In itslatest survey of CEOpay, TheWallStreet Journalfinds
that“asubstantialpart”ofexecutive payisnowtiedtoperformance.
Much more could be done to encourage “long-termism,” such as changes in the
tax code and quicker disclosure of stock acquisitions. In France, shareholders who
hold onto a company investment for at least two years can sometimes earn more
votingrightsinacompany.
Within companies, the right compensation design can provide incentives for
executives to think beyond their own time at the company and on behalf of all
stakeholders. Britain’s newrule is a reminder to bankers that society hasan interest in
theirperformance,notjustfor theshorttermbutfor thelongterm.
.3.
pastpapers.cn
21.AccordingtoParagraph1,onemotiveinimposingthenewruleisto
[A] enhancebankers’senseofresponsibility.
[B] helpcorporationsachievelargerprofits.
[C] buildanewsystemoffinancialregulation.
[D] guaranteethebonusesoftopexecutives.
22.AlfredMarshallisquotedtoindicate
[A] theconditionsforgeneratingquickprofits.
[B] governments’impatienceindecision-making.
[C] thesolidstructureofpubliclytradedcompanies.
[D] “short-termism”ineconomicactivities.
23.Itisarguedthattheinfluenceoftransientinvestmentonpubliccompaniescanbe
[A] indirect.
[B] adverse.
[C] minimal.
[D] temporary.
24.TheUSandFranceexamplesareusedtoillustrate
[A] theobstaclestopreventing“short-termism”.
[B] thesignificanceoflong-termthinking.
[C] theapproachestopromoting“long-termism”.
[D] theprevalenceofshort-termthinking.
25.Whichofthefollowingwouldbethebesttitlefor thetext?
[A] FailureofQuarterlyCapitalism
[B] PatienceasaCorporateVirtue
[C] DecisivenessRequiredofTopExecutives
[D] FrustrationofRisk-takingBankers
.4.
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Grade inflation – the gradual increase in average GPAs (grade-point averages)
over the past few decades – is often considered a product of a consumer era in higher
education, in which students are treated like customers to be pleased. But another,
related force – a policy often buried deep in course catalogs called “grade
forgiveness”–ishelpingraise GPAs.
Grade forgiveness allows students to retake a course in which they received a
low grade, and the most recent grade or the highest grade is the only one that counts
incalculatingastudent’soverallGPA.
The use of this little-known practice has accelerated in recent years, as colleges
continue to do their utmost to keep students in school (and paying tuition) and
improve their graduation rates. When this practice first started decades ago, it was
usually limited to freshmen, to give them a second chance to take a class in their first
year if they struggled in their transition to college-level courses. But now most
colleges, save for many selective campuses, allow all undergraduates, and even
graduatestudents, togettheirlowgradesforgiven.
College officials tend to emphasize that the goal of grade forgiveness is less
about the grade itself and more about encouraging students to retake courses critical
to their degree program and graduation without incurring a big penalty. “Ultimately,”
said Jack Miner, Ohio State University’s registrar, “we see students achieve more
success because they retake a course and do better in subsequent courses or master
thecontentthatallowsthemtograduateontime.”
Thatsaid,thereis a wayin whichgradeforgivenesssatisfiescolleges’ownneedsas
well.Forpublicinstitutions,statefundsaresometimestiedpartlytotheirsuccessonmetrics
such as graduation rates and student retention – so better grades can, by boosting figures
like those, mean more money. And anything that raises GPAs will likely make
students– who,attheendoftheday,arepayingthebill– feelthey’vegottenabettervalue
fortheirtuitiondollars,whichisanotherbigconcernforcolleges.
Indeed, grade forgiveness is just another way that universities are responding to
consumers’ expectations for higher education. Since students and parents expect a
college degree to lead to a job, it is in the best interest of a school to turn out
graduates who are as qualified as possible – or at least appear to be. On this, students’
andcolleges’incentivesseemtobealigned.
.5.
pastpapers.cn
26.Whatiscommonlyregardedasthecauseofgradeinflation?
[A] Thechangeofcoursecatalogs.
[B] Students’indifferencetoGPAs.
[C] Colleges’neglectofGPAs.
[D] Theinfluenceofconsumerculture.
27.Whatwastheoriginalpurposeofgradeforgiveness?
[A] Tohelpfreshmenadapttocollegelearning.
[B] Tomaintaincolleges’graduationrates.
[C] Topreparegraduatesfor achallengingfuture.
[D] Toincreaseuniversities’incomefromtuition.
28.AccordingtoParagraph5,gradeforgivenessenablescollegesto
[A] obtainmorefinancialsupport.
[B] boosttheirstudentenrollments.
[C] improvetheirteachingquality.
[D] meetlocalgovernments’needs.
29.Whatdoesthephrase“tobealigned”(Line5,Para.6)mostprobablymean?
[A] Tocounterbalanceeachother.
[B] Tocomplementeachother.
[C] Tobeidenticalwitheachother.
[D] Tobecontradictorytoeachother.
30.Theauthorexaminesthepracticeof gradeforgivenessby
[A] assessingitsfeasibility.
[B] analyzingthecausesbehindit.
[C] comparingdifferentviewsonit.
[D] listingitslong-runeffects.
.6.
pastpapers.cn
Text3
This year marks exactly two centuries since the publication of “Frankenstein; or,
The Modern Prometheus,” by Mary Shelley. Even before the invention of the electric
light bulb, the author produced a remarkable work of speculative fiction that would
foreshadowmanyethicalquestionstoberaisedbytechnologiesyet tocome.
Today the rapid growth of artificial intelligence (AI) raises fundamental questions:
“Whatisintelligence,identity,orconsciousness?Whatmakeshumanshumans?”
What is being called artificial general intelligence, machines that would imitate
thewayhumans think, continuesto evadescientists. Yethumansremain fascinatedby
the idea of robots that would look, move, and respond like humans, similar to those
recentlydepictedonpopularsci-fiTVseriessuchas“Westworld”and“Humans.”
Just how people think is still far too complex to be understood, let alone
reproduced, says David Eagleman, a Stanford University neuroscientist. “We are just
ina situation wherethere areno good theoriesexplaining whatconsciousness actually
isandhowyoucouldeverbuildamachinetogetthere.”
But that doesn’t mean crucial ethical issues involving AI aren’t at hand. The
coming use of autonomous vehicles, for example, poses thorny ethical questions.
Human drivers sometimes must make split-second decisions. Their reactions may be
a complex combination of instant reflexes, input from past driving experiences, and
what their eyes and ears tell them in that moment. AI “vision” today is not nearly as
sophisticated as that of humans. And to anticipate every imaginable driving situation
isadifficultprogrammingproblem.
Whenever decisions are based on masses of data, “you quickly get into a lot of
ethical questions,” notes Tan Kiat How, chief executive of a Singapore-based agency
that is helping the government develop a voluntary code for the ethical use of AI.
Along with Singapore, other governments and mega-corporations are beginning to
establish their own guidelines. Britain is setting up a data ethics center. India released
itsAIethicsstrategy thisspring.
On June 7 Google pledged not to “design or deploy AI” that would cause “overall
harm,” or to develop AI-directed weapons or use AI for surveillance that would
violate international norms. It also pledged not to deploy AI whose use would violate
internationallawsorhumanrights.
While the statement is vague, it represents one starting point. So does the idea
thatdecisionsmadebyAIsystemsshouldbeexplainable,transparent,andfair.
To put it another way: How can we make sure that the thinking of intelligent
machines reflects humanity’s highest values? Only then will they be useful servants
andnotFrankenstein’sout-of-controlmonster.
.7.
pastpapers.cn
31.MaryShelley’snovelFrankensteinismentionedbecauseit
[A] fascinatesAIscientistsallover theworld.
[B] hasremainedpopularfor aslongas200years.
[C] involvessomeconcernsraisedbyAItoday.
[D] hassparkedseriousethicalcontroversies.
32.InDavidEagleman’sopinion,ourcurrentknowledgeofconsciousness
[A] helpsexplainartificialintelligence.
[B] canbemisleadingtorobotmaking.
[C] inspirespopularsci-fiTVseries.
[D] istoolimitedfor ustoreproduceit.
33.Thesolutiontotheethicalissuesbrought byautonomousvehicles
[A] canhardlyeverbefound.
[B] isstillbeyondourcapacity.
[C] causeslittlepublicconcern.
[D] hasarousedmuchcuriosity.
34.Theauthor’sattitudetowardGoogle’spledgesisoneof
[A] affirmation.
[B] skepticism.
[C] contempt.
[D] respect.
35.Whichofthefollowingwouldbethebesttitlefor thetext?
[A] AI’sFuture:In theHandsofTechGiants
[B] Frankenstein,theNovelPredictingtheAgeofAI
[C] TheConscienceofAI:ComplexButInevitable
[D] AIShallBeKillersOnceOutofControl
.8.
pastpapers.cn
Text4
States will be able to force more people to pay sales tax when they make online
purchases under a Supreme Court decision Thursday that will leave shoppers with
lighterwalletsbutisabigfinancialwinfor states.
TheSupremeCourt’sopinionThursdayoverruleda pairof decades-olddecisionsthat
statessaidcostthembillionsofdollarsinlostrevenueannually.Thedecisionsmadeitmore
difficultforstatestocollectsalestaxoncertainonlinepurchases.
The cases the court overturned said that if a business was shipping a customer’s
purchase to a state where the business didn’t have a physical presence such as a
warehouse or office, the business didn’t have to collect sales tax for the state.
Customers were generally responsible for paying the sales tax to the state themselves
iftheyweren’tchargedit,butmostdidn’trealizetheyoweditandfewpaid.
Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote that the previous decisions were flawed. “Each year
the physical presence rule becomes further removed from economic reality and results in
significantrevenuelossestotheStates,”hewroteinanopinionjoinedbyfourotherjustices.
Kennedy wrote that the rule “limited states’ ability to seek long-term prosperity and has
preventedmarketparticipantsfromcompetingonanevenplayingfield.”
The ruling is a victory for big chains with a presence in many states, since they
usually collect sales tax on online purchases already. Now, rivals will be charging
sales tax where they hadn’t before. Big chains have been collecting sales tax
nationwide because they typically have physical stores in whatever state a purchase is
beingshipped to.Amazon.com,with itsnetworkof warehouses, alsocollectssales tax
ineverystatethatchargesit,thoughthird-partysellerswhousethesitedon’thave to.
Until now, many sellers that have a physical presence in only a single state or a
few states have been able to avoid charging sales taxes when they ship to addresses
outside those states. Sellers that use eBay and Etsy, which provide platforms for
smaller sellers, also haven’t been collecting sales tax nationwide. Under the ruling
Thursday, states can pass laws requiring out-of-state sellers to collect the state’s sales
taxfromcustomersandsendittothestate.
Retail trade groups praised the ruling, saying it levels the playing field for local
and online businesses. The losers, said retail analyst Neil Saunders, are online-only
retailers, especially smaller ones. Those retailers may face headaches complying with
various state sales tax laws. The Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council
advocacy group said in a statement, “Small businesses and internet entrepreneurs are
notwellservedatallbythisdecision.”
.9.
pastpapers.cn
36.TheSupremeCourtdecisionThursdaywill
[A] betterbusinesses’relationswithstates.
[B] putmostonlinebusinessesinadilemma.
[C] makemoreonlineshopperspaysalestax.
[D] forcesomestatestocutsalestax.
37.Itcanbelearnedfrom paragraphs2and3thattheoverruleddecisions
[A] haveledtothedominanceofe-commerce.
[B] havecostconsumersalotovertheyears.
[C] werewidelycriticizedbyonlinepurchasers.
[D] wereconsideredunfavorablebystates.
38.AccordingtoJusticeAnthonyKennedy, thephysicalpresencerulehas
[A] hinderedeconomicdevelopment.
[B] broughtprosperitytothecountry.
[C] harmedfairmarketcompetition.
[D] boostedgrowth instates’revenue.
39.WhoaremostlikelytowelcometheSupremeCourtruling?
[A] Internetentrepreneurs.
[B] Big-chainowners.
[C] Third-partysellers.
[D] Smallretailers.
40.IndealingwiththeSupremeCourtdecisionThursday, theauthor
[A] givesafactualaccountofitanddiscussesitsconsequences.
[B] describesthelongandcomplicatedprocessofitsmaking.
[C] presentsitsmainpointswithconflictingviewsonthem.
[D] citessomecasesrelatedtoitandanalyzestheirimplications.
.10.
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For Questions 41-45, you are
required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list
A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs C and F have been
correctlyplaced.Markyour answersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
[A] These tools can help you win every argument – not in the unhelpful sense of
beating your opponents but in the better sense of learning about the issues that
divide people. Learning why they disagree with us and learning to talk and work
together with them. If we readjust our view of arguments – from a verbal fight or
tennis game to a reasoned exchange through which we all gain mutual respect, and
understanding – then we change the very nature of what it means to “win” an
argument.
[B] Of course, many discussions are not so successful. Still, we need to be careful not
to accuse opponents of bad arguments too quickly. We need to learn how to
evaluate them properly. A large part of evaluation is calling out bad arguments,
but we also need to admit good arguments by opponents and to apply the same
critical standards to ourselves. Humility requires you to recognize weakness in
yourownargumentsandsometimesalsotoacceptreasonsontheoppositeside.
[C] None of these will be easy but you can start even if others refuse to. Next time
you state your position, formulate an argument for what you claim and honestly
ask yourself whether your argument is any good. Next time you talk with
someone who takes a stand, ask them to give you a reason for their view. Spell
out their argument fully and charitably. Assess its strength impartially. Raise
objectionsandlistencarefullytotheirreplies.
[D] Carnegie would be right if arguments were fights, which is how we often think of
them. Like physical fights, verbal fights can leave both sides bloodied. Even
when you win, you end up no better off. Your prospects would be almost as
dismalifargumentswereevenjustcompetitions–like,say,tennisgames. Pairs
.11.
pastpapers.cn
of opponents hit the ball back and forth until one winner emerges from all who
entered. Everybody else loses.Thiskindof thinking iswhy so manypeople try to
avoidarguments,especiallyaboutpoliticsandreligion.
[E] In his 1936 work How to Win Friends and Influence People, Dale Carnegie wrote:
“There is only one way…to get the best of an argument – and that is to avoid it.”
This aversion to arguments is common, but it depends on a mistaken view of
arguments that causes profound problems for our personal and social lives – and
inmanywaysmissesthepointofarguinginthefirstplace.
[F] These views of arguments also undermine reason. If you see a conversation as a
fight or competition, you can win by cheating as long as you don’t get caught.
You will be happy to convince people with bad arguments. You can call their
views stupid, or joke about how ignorant they are. None of these tricks will help
you understand them, their positions or the issues that divide you, but they can
helpyouwin–inone way.
[G] There is a better way to win arguments. Imagine that you favor increasing the
minimum wage in our state, and I do not. If you yell, “Yes,” and I yell, “No,”
neither of us learns anything. We neither understand nor respect each other, and
we have no basis for compromise or cooperation. In contrast, suppose you give a
reasonable argument: that full-time workers should not have to live in poverty.
Then I counter with another reasonable argument: that a higher minimum wage
will force businesses to employ fewer people for less time. Now we can
understand each other’s positions and recognize our shared values, since we both
careaboutneedyworkers.
41. → 42. → F → 43. → 44. → C → 45.
.12.
pastpapers.cn
PartC
Directions:
ReadthefollowingtextcarefullyandthentranslatetheunderlinedsegmentsintoChinese.
YourtranslationshouldbewrittenneatlyontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
It was only after I started to write a weekly column about the medical journals,
and began to read scientific papers from beginning to end, that I realised just how bad
much of the medical literature frequently was. I came to recognise various signs of a
bad paper: the kind of paper that purports to show that people who eat more than one
kilo of broccoli a week were 1.17 times more likely than those who eat less to suffer
late in life from pernicious anaemia. (46) There is a great deal of this kind of
nonsense in the medical journals which, when taken up by broadcasters and the lay
press,generatesbothhealthscaresandshort-liveddietaryenthusiasms.
Why is so much bad science published? A recent paper, titled “The Natural
Selection of Bad Science”, published on the Royal Society’s open science website,
attempts to answer this intriguing and important question. It says that the problem is
not merely that people do bad science, but that our current system of career
advancement positively encourages it. What is important is not truth, but publication,
which has become almost an end in itself. There has been a kind of inflationary
process at work: (47) nowadays anyone applying for a research post has to have
published twice thenumber of papers that would have been required for the samepost
only10yearsago.Nevermindthequality,then,countthenumber.
(48) Attempts have been made to curb this tendency, for example, by trying to
incorporate some measure of quality as well as quantity into the assessment of an
applicant’s papers. This is the famed citation index, that is to say the number of times a
paper has been quoted elsewhere in the scientific literature, the assumption being that an
important paper will be cited more often than one of small account. (49) This would be
reasonableif it werenotforthefactthatscientistscaneasilyarrangeto citethemselvesin
theirfuturepublications,orgetassociatestodosofortheminreturnforsimilarfavours.
Boiling down an individual’s output to simple metrics, such as number of
publications or journal impacts, entails considerable savings in time, energy and
ambiguity. Unfortunately, the long-term costs of using simple quantitative metrics to
assess researcher merit are likely to be quite great. (50) If we are serious about
ensuring that our science is both meaningful and reproducible, we must ensure that
ourinstitutionsencouragethatkindofscience.
.13.
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
Suppose you are working for the “Aiding Rural Primary School” project of your
university. Write an email to answer the inquiry from an international student
volunteer,specifying thedetailsoftheproject.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownnameintheemail.Use“LiMing”instead. (10points)
PartB
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the picture below. In your essay, you
should
1) describethepicturebriefly,
2) interprettheimpliedmeaning,and
3) giveyourcomments.
YoushouldwriteneatlyontheANSWER SHEET.(20points)
.14.
pastpapers.cn
2019年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.C 2.C 3.B 4.D 5.A 6.B 7.D 8.C 9.A 10.D
11.A 12.B 13.D 14.C 15.B 16.D 17.A 18.A 19.B 20.C
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 ADB CB Text2 26~30 DAAC B
Text3 31~35 CDB AC Text4 36~40 CDC B D
PartB
41.E 42.D 43.G 44.B 45.A
PartC
46. 医学期刊中由许多类似的无稽之谈，这些说法一旦被广播公司和新闻媒体
报道，就会引发健康恐慌和短暂的饮食热潮。
47. 如今，任何申请研究职位的人都必须发表两倍于10年前同一职位所需的论
文数量。
48.人们已经做出努力来遏制这种趋势，例如，将质量和数量标准纳入申请者
的论文评估中。
49. 如果不是因为科学家们可以很容易地在未来的出版物中引用自己，或者让
同事为他们这样作以换取类似的好处，这将是合理的。
50. 如果我们确实要保证我们的科学既有意义又可再生，那么我们必须确保我
们的机构鼓励这种科学的进步。
Section III Writing
51、52略
.15.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2019年 英语二 (来源: 2019-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2019 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word (s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
Weighing yourself regularly is a wonderful way to stay aware of any significant
weight fluctuations. 1 , when done too often, this habit can sometimes hurt more
thanit 2 .
As for me, weighing myself every day caused me to shift my focus from being
generally healthy and physically active, to focusing 3 on the scale. That was bad
to my overall fitness goals. I had gained weight in the form of muscle mass, but
thinking only of 4 the number on the scale, I altered my training program. That
conflictedwithhowIneededtotrainto 5 mygoals.
I also found that weighing myself daily did not provide an accurate 6 of the
hard work and progress I was making in the gym. It takes about three weeks to a
month to notice significant changes in your weight 7 altering your training
program. The most 8 changes will be observed in skill level, strength and inches
lost.
For these 9 , I stopped weighing myself every day and switched to a
bimonthly weighing schedule 10 . Since weight loss is not my goal, it is less
important for me to 11 my weight each week. Weighing every other week allows
me to observe and 12 any significant weight changes. That tells me whether I
needto 13 mytrainingprogram.
I use my bimonthly weigh-in 14 to get information about my nutrition as
well. If my training intensity remains the same, but I’m constantly 15 and
droppingweight,thisisa 16 thatIneedtoincreasemydailycaloricintake.
The 17 to stop weighing myself every day has done wonders for my overall
health, fitness and well-being. I’m experiencing increased zeal for working out since I
no longer carry the burden of a 18 morning weigh-in. I’ve also experienced
greatersuccessinachievingmyspecificfitnessgoals, 19 I’mtrainingaccordingto
thosegoals,notthenumbersonascale.
Rather than 20 over the scale, turn your focus to how you look, feel, how
yourclothesfitandyour overallenergylevel.
2
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]Besides [B]Therefore [C]Otherwise [D]However
2.[A]helps [B]cares [C]warns [D]reduces
3.[A]initially [B]solely [C]occasionally [D]formally
4.[A]recording [B]lowering [C]explaining [D]accepting
5.[A]modify [B]set [C]review [D]reach
6.[A]definition [B]depiction [C]distribution [D]prediction
7.[A]dueto [B]regardlessof [C]asidefrom [D]alongwith
8.[A]orderly [B]rigid [C]precise [D]immediate
9.[A]claims [B]judgments [C]reasons [D]methods
10.[A]instead [B]though [C]again [D]indeed
11.[A]track [B]overlook [C]conceal [D]report
12.[A]dependon [B]approveof [C]holdonto [D]accountfor
13.[A]share [B]adjust [C]confirm [D]prepare
14.[A]results [B]features [C]rules [D]tests
15.[A]bored [B]anxious [C]hungry [D]sick
16.[A]principle [B]secret [C]belief [D]sign
17.[A]request [B]necessity [C]decision [D]wish
18.[A]disappointing [B]surprising [C]restricting [D]consuming
19.[A]if [B]unless [C]until [D]because
20.[A]obsessing [B]dominating [C]puzzling [D]triumphing
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.（40points）
3
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Unlikeso-calledbasicemotionssuchas sadness,fear,andanger,guiltemergesa little
later,inconjunctionwithachild’sgrowinggraspofsocialandmoralnorms.Childrenaren’t
born knowing how to say “I’m sorry”; rather, they learn over time that such statements
appeaseparentsandfriends– andtheirownconsciences.Thisiswhyresearchersgenerally
regardso-calledmoralguilt,intherightamount,tobeagoodthing.
In the popular imagination, of course, guilt still gets a bad rap. It is deeply
uncomfortable – it’s the emotional equivalent of wearing a jacket weighted with
stones. Yet this understanding is outdated. “There has been a kind of revival or a
rethinking about what guilt is and what role guilt can serve,” says Amrisha Vaish, a
psychology researcher at the University of Virginia, adding that this revival is part of
a larger recognition that emotions aren’t binary – feelings that may be advantageous
in one context may be harmful in another. Jealousy and anger, for example, may have
evolvedtoalertustoimportantinequalities.Toomuchhappinesscanbedestructive.
And guilt, by prompting us to think more deeply about our goodness, can
encourage humans to make up for errors and fix relationships. Guilt, in other words,
canhelpholdacooperativespeciestogether.Itisakindofsocialglue.
Viewed in this light, guilt is an opportunity. Work by Tina Malti, a psychology
professor at the University of Toronto, suggests that guilt may compensate for an
emotional deficiency. In a number of studies, Malti and others have shown that guilt
and sympathy may represent different pathways to cooperation and sharing. Some
kids who are low in sympathy may make up for that shortfall by experiencing more
guilt, which can rein in their nastier impulses. And vice versa: High sympathy can
substituteforlowguilt.
In a 2014 study, for example, Malti looked at 244 children. Using caregiver
assessments and the children’s self-observations, she rated each child’s overall
sympathy level and his or her tendency to feel negative emotions after moral
transgressions. Then the kids were handed chocolate coins, and given a chance to
share them with an anonymous child. For the low-sympathy kids, how much they
shared appeared to turn on how inclined they were to feel guilty.The guilt-prone ones
shared more, even though they hadn’t magically become more sympathetic to the
otherchild’sdeprivation.
“That’s good news, ” Malti says. “We can be prosocial because we caused harm
andwefeelregret.”
4
pastpapers.cn
21.Researchersthinkthatguiltcanbeagoodthingbecauseitmayhelp .
[A] regulateachild’sbasicemotions
[B] improveachild’sintellectualability
[C] fosterachild’smoraldevelopment
[D] intensifyachild’spositivefeelings
22.AccordingtoParagraph2,manypeoplestillconsiderguilttobe .
[A] deceptive
[B] burdensome
[C] addictive
[D] inexcusable
23.Vaishholdsthattherethinkingaboutguiltcomesfromanawarenessthat .
[A] emotionsarecontext-independent
[B] emotionsaresociallyconstructive
[C] emotionalstabilitycanbenefithealth
[D] anemotioncanplayopposingroles
24.Maltiandothershaveshownthatcooperationandsharing .
[A] mayhelpcorrectemotionaldeficiencies
[B] canresultfromeithersympathyorguilt
[C] canbringaboutemotionalsatisfaction
[D] maybetheoutcomeofimpulsiveacts
25.Theword“transgressions”(Line4,Para.5)isclosestinmeaningto .
[A] teachings
[B] discussions
[C] restrictions
[D] wrongdoings
5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Forests give us shade, quiet and one of the harder challenges in the fight against
climate change. Even as we humans count on forests to soak up a good share of the
carbon dioxide we produce, we are threatening their ability to do so. The climate
change we are hastening could one day leave us with forests that emit more carbon
thantheyabsorb.
Thankfully, there is a way out of this trap – but it involves striking a subtle
balance. Helping forests flourish as valuable “carbon sinks” long into the future may
requirereducingtheir capacityto absorbcarbon now. California isleadingtheway, as
itdoesonsomanyclimateefforts,infiguringoutthedetails.
The state’sproposed Forest Carbon Plan aims to double efforts to thin out young
trees and clear brush in parts of the forest. This temporarily lowers carbon-carrying
capacity. But the remaining trees draw a greater share of the available moisture, so
they grow and thrive, restoring the forest’s capacity to pull carbon from the air.
Healthy trees are also better able to fend off insects. The landscape is rendered less
easilyburnable.Evenintheeventofafire,fewertreesareconsumed.
The need for such planning is increasingly urgent. Already, since 2010, drought
and insects have killed over 100 million trees in California, most of them in 2016
alone,andwildfireshaveburnedhundredsofthousandsofacres.
California plans to treat 35, 000 acres of forest a year by 2020, and 60,000 by
2030 – financed from the proceeds of the state’s emissions-permit auctions. That’s
only a small share of the total acreage that could benefit, about half a million acres in
all,soitwillbevitaltoprioritizeareasatgreatestriskoffireordrought.
The strategy also aims to ensure that carbon in woody material removed from
the forests is locked away in the form of solid lumber or burned as biofuel in vehicles
that would otherwise run on fossil fuels. New research on transportation biofuels is
alreadyunderway.
State governments are well accustomed to managing forests, but traditionally
they’ve focused on wildlife, watershedsand opportunitiesfor recreation. Only recently
have they come to see the vital part forests will have to play in storing carbon.
California’s plan, which is expected to be finalized by the governor next year, should
serveasamodel.
6
pastpapers.cn
26.Bysaying“oneoftheharderchallenges,”theauthorimpliesthat .
[A] globalclimatechangemaygetoutofcontrol
[B] peoplemaymisunderstandglobalwarming
[C] extremeweatherconditionsmayarise
[D] forestsmaybecomeapotentialthreat
27.Tomaintainforestsasvaluable“carbonsinks,”wemayneedto .
[A] preservethediversityofspeciesinthem
[B] acceleratethegrowth ofyoungtrees
[C] strikeabalanceamongdifferentplants
[D] lowertheirpresentcarbon-absorbingcapacity
28.California’sForestCarbonPlanendeavorsto .
[A] cultivatemoredrought-resistanttrees
[B] reducethedensityofsomeofitsforests
[C] findmoreeffectivewaystokillinsects
[D] restoreitsforestsquicklyafterwildfires
29.WhatisessentialtoCalifornia’splanaccordingtoParagraph5?
[A] Tohandletheareasinseriousdangerfirst.
[B] Tocarryitoutbeforetheyearof2020.
[C] Toperfecttheemissions-permitauctions.
[D] Toobtainenoughfinancial support.
30.Theauthor’sattitudetoCalifornia’splancanbestbedescribedas .
[A] ambiguous
[B] tolerant
[C] supportive
[D] cautious
7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
American farmers have been complaining of labor shortages for several years. The
complaintsareunlikelytostopwithoutanoverhaulofimmigrationrulesforfarmworkers.
Congress has obstructed efforts to create a more straightforward visa for
agricultural workers that would let foreign workers stay longer in the U.S. and change
jobs within the industry. If this doesn’t change, American businesses, communities,
andconsumerswillbethelosers.
Perhaps half of U.S. farm laborers are undocumented immigrants. As fewer such
workers enter the country, the characteristics of the agricultural workforce are
changing. Today’s farm laborers, while still predominantly born in Mexico, are more
likely to be settled rather than migrating and more likely to be married than single.
They’re also aging. At the start of this century, about one-third of crop workers were
over theage of 35.Now more thanhalfare. And picking cropsishardon older bodies.
One oft-debated cure for this labor shortage remains as implausible as it’s been all
along:NativeU.S. workerswon’tbereturningtothefarm.
Mechanization isn’t the answer, either – not yet, at least. Production of corn,
cotton, rice, soybeans, and wheat has been largely mechanized, but many high-value,
labor-intensive crops, such as strawberries, need labor. Even dairy farms, where
robotsdoasmallshareofmilking,havealongwaytogo beforethey’reautomated.
Asaresult,farmshavegrown increasingly reliantontemporary guest workers
using the H-2A visa to fill the gaps in the workforce. Starting around 2012, requests
forthevisasrosesharply;from2011to2016thenumberofvisasissuedmorethandoubled.
The H-2A visa has no numerical cap, unlike the H-2B visa for nonagricultural
work, which is limited to 66,000 a year. Even so, employers complain they aren’t
given all the workers they need. The process is cumbersome, expensive, and
unreliable.Onesurveyfound thatbureaucraticdelaysledtheaverageH-2A workerto
arriveonthejob22dayslate.Theshortageiscompoundedbyfederal immigration
raids,whichremovesomeworkersanddriveothersunderground.
In a 2012 survey, 71 percent of tree-fruit growers and almost 80 percent of raisin
and berry growers said they were short of labor. Some western farmers have
responded by moving operations to Mexico. From 1998 to 2000, 14.5 percent of the
fruit Americans consumed was imported. Little more than a decade later, the share of
importswas25.8percent.
In effect,theU.S. canimportfood oritcanimporttheworkerswhopickit.
8
pastpapers.cn
31.Whatproblemshouldbeaddressedaccordingtothefirst twoparagraphs?
[A] DiscriminationagainstforeignworkersintheU.S.
[B] BiasedlawsinfavorofsomeAmericanbusinesses.
[C] FlawsinU.S.immigrationrulesfor farmworkers.
[D] DeclineofjobopportunitiesinU.S.agriculture.
32.OnetroublewithU.S.agriculturalworkforceis .
[A] therisingnumberofillegalimmigrants
[B] thehighmobilityofcropworkers
[C] thelackofexperiencedlaborers
[D] theagingofimmigrantfarmworkers
33.Whatisthemuch-arguedsolutiontothelaborshortageinU.S.farming?
[A] Toattractyoungerlaborerstofarmwork.
[B] TogetnativeU.S. workersbacktofarming.
[C] Tousemorerobotstogrowhigh-valuecrops.
[D] Tostrengthenfinancialsupportforfarmers.
34.AgriculturalemployerscomplainabouttheH-2Avisaforits .
[A] slowgrantingprocedures
[B] limitondurationofstay
[C] tightenedrequirements
[D] controlofannualadmissions
35.Whichofthefollowingcouldbethebesttitlefor thistext?
[A] U.S.AgricultureinDecline?
[B] ImportFoodorLabor?
[C] AmericaSavedbyMexico?
[D] Manpowervs.Automation?
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Dia Mirza and Adrian Grenier have a message for you:
It’s easy to beat plastic. They’re part of a bunch of celebrities starring in a new video
for World Environment Day – encouraging you, the consumer, to swap out your
single-useplasticstapleslikestrawsandcutlerytocombattheplasticscrisis.
The key messages that have been put together for World Environment Day do
include a call for governments to enact legislation to curb single-use plastics. But the
overarchingmessageisdirectedatindividuals.
My concern with leaving it up to the individual, however, is our limited sense of
what needs to be achieved. On their own, taking our own bags to the grocery store or
quitting plastic straws, for example, will accomplish little and require very little of us.
They could even be detrimental, satisfying a need to have “done our bit” without ever
progressing onto bigger, bolder, more effective actions – a kind of “moral licensing”
thatallaysourconcernsandstopsusdoingmoreandaskingmoreofthoseincharge.
While the conversation around our environment and our responsibility toward it
remains centered on shopping bags and straws, we’re ignoring the balance of power
that implies that as “consumers” we must shop sustainably, rather than as “citizens”
holdourgovernmentsandindustriestoaccounttopushforrealsystemicchange.
It’s important to acknowledge that the environment isn’t everyone’s priority – or
even most people’s. We shouldn’t expect it to be. In her latest book, Why Good
People Do Bad Environmental Things, Wellesley College professor Elizabeth R.
DeSombre argues that the best way to collectively change the behavior of large
numbersofpeopleisforthechange tobestructural.
This might mean implementing policy such as a plastic tax that adds a cost to
environmentally problematic action, or banning single-use plastics altogether. India
has just announced it will “eliminate all single-use plastic in the country by 2022.”
There are also incentive-based ways of making better environmental choices easier,
suchasensuringrecyclingisatleastaseasyastrashdisposal.
DeSombre isn’t saying people should stop caring about the environment. It’s just
that individual actions are too slow, she says, for that to be the only, or even primary,
approachtochangingwidespreadbehavior.
None of this is about writing off the individual. It’s just about putting things into
perspective. We don’t have time to wait. We need progressive policies that shape
collective action (and rein in polluting businesses), alongside engaged citizens
pushingforchange.
10
pastpapers.cn
36.Somecelebritiesstarinanewvideoto .
[A] demandnewlawsontheuseofplastics
[B] urgeconsumerstocuttheuseofplastics
[C] invitepublicopinionontheplasticscrisis
[D] disclosethecausesoftheplasticscrisis
37.Theauthorisconcernedthat“morallicensing”may .
[A] misleadusintodoingworthlessthings
[B] preventusfrommakingfurtherefforts
[C] weakenoursenseofaccomplishment
[D] suppressourdesireforsuccess
38.Bypointingoutouridentity“citizens”,theauthorindicatesthat .
[A] ourfocusshouldbeshiftedtocommunitywelfare
[B] ourrelationshipwithlocalindustriesisimproving
[C] wehavebeenactivelyexercisingourcivilrights
[D] weshouldpressourgovernmenttoleadthecombat
39.DeSombrearguesthatthebestwayfor acollectivechangeshouldbe .
[A] awin-winarrangement
[B] aself-drivenmechanism
[C] acost-effectiveapproach
[D] atop-downprocess
40.Theauthorconcludesthatindividualefforts .
[A] canbetooaggressive
[B] canbetooinconsistent
[C] arefarfromsufficient
[D] arefarfromrational
11
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and match each of the numbereditems inthe left columnto
its corresponding information in the right column. There are two extra choices in the
rightcolumn.Markyour answersontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
In choosing a new home, Camille McClain’s kids have a single demand: a
backyard.
McClain’s little ones aren’t the only kids who have an opinion when it comes to
housing, and in many cases youngsters’ views weigh heavily on parents’ real estate
decisions,accordingtoa2018HarrisPollsurveyofmorethan2,000U.S. adults.
While more families buck an older-generation proclivity to leave kidsin the dark
about real estate decisions, realty agents and psychologists have mixed views about
thefinancial,personalandlong-termeffectskids’opinionsmayhave.
The idea of involving children in a big decision is a great idea because it can
help them feel a sense of control and ownership in what can be an overwhelming
process,saidRyanHooper,clinicalpsychologist inChicago.
“Children may face serious difficulties in coping with significant moves,
especiallyifitremovesthemfromtheircurrentschoolorsupportsystem,”hesaid.
Greg Jaroszewski, real estate broker with Gagliardo Realty Associates, said he’s
not convinced that kids should be involved in selecting a home – but their opinions
should be considered in regards to proximity to friends and social activities, if
possible.
Younger children should feel like they’re choosing their home – without actually
getting a choice in the matter, said Adam Bailey, real estate attorney based in New
York.
Asking them questions about what they like about the backyard of a potential
home will make them feel like they’re being included in the decision-making process,
Baileysaid.
Many of the aspects of homebuying aren’t a consideration for children, said
Tracey Hampson, a real estate agent based in Santa Clarita, Calif. And placing too
muchemphasisontheiropinionscanruinafantastichomepurchase.
“Speaking with your children before you make a real estate decision is wise,
butIwouldn’tbasethepurchasingdecisionsolelyontheiropinions.”Hampsonsaid.
Theotherissueisthatmanychildren–especiallyolderones– maybasetheirreal
12
pastpapers.cn
stateknowledge onHGTVshows, saidAaronNorrisofTheNorrisGroup inRiverside,
Calif.
“They love Chip and Joanna Gaines just as much as the rest of us,” he said.
“HGTV has seriously changed how people view real estate. It’s not shelter, it’s a
lifestyle.Withthatmindsetchangecomesomeseriousmoneyconsequences.”
Kids tend to get stuck in the features and the immediate benefits to them
personally, Norrissaid.
Parents need to remind their children that their needs and desires may change
overtime,saidJulieGurner,arealestateanalystwithFitSmallBusiness.com.
“Their opinions can change tomorrow,” Gurner said. “Harsh as it may be to say,
that decision should likely not be made contingent on a child’s opinions, but rather
made for them with great consideration into what home can meet their needs best–and
givethemanopportunitytocustomizeitabitandmakeittheirown.”
This advice is more relevant now than ever before, even as more parents want to
embracetheideasoftheirchildren,despitethecurrenthousingcrunch.
[A]remarksthatsignificantmovesmayposechallengesto
children.
41.RyanHooper [B]saysthatitiswisetoleavekidsinthedarkaboutrealestate
decisions.
42.AdamBailey [C]advisesthathomepurchasesshouldnotbebasedonlyon
children’sopinions.
43.TraceyHampson [D]thinksthatchildrenshouldbegivenasenseofinvolvementin
homebuyingdecisions.
[E]notesthataspectslikechildren’sfriendsandsocialactivities
44.AaronNorris
shouldbeconsidereduponhomebuying.
[F]believesthathomebuyingdecisionsshouldbebasedon
45.JulieGurner
children’sneedsratherthantheiropinions.
[G]assumesthatmanychildren’sviewsonrealestateare
influencedbythemedia.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46.Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
It is easy to underestimate English writer James Herriot. He had such a pleasant,
readable style that one might think that anyone could imitate it. How many times
have I heard people say, “I could write a book. I just haven’t the time.” Easily said.
Not so easily done. James Herriot, contrary to popular opinion, did not find it easy in
his early days of, as he put it, “having a go at the writing game”. While he obviously
had an abundance of natural talent, the final, polished work that he gave to the world
was the result of years of practicing, re-writing and reading. Like the majority of
authors, he had to suffer many disappointments and rejections along the way, but
these made him all the more determined to succeed. Everything he achieved in life
wasearnedthehardwayandhissuccessintheliteraryfieldwasnoexception.
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions：
SupposeProfessor Smithaskedyoutoplanadebateonthethemeofcitytraffic.
Writehimanemailto
1) suggestaspecifictopicwithyour reasons,and
2) tellhimaboutyourarrangements.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyouronename.Use“Li Ming”instead.
Donotwriteyouraddress. (10points)
14
pastpapers.cn
PartB
48.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.In your writing, youshould
1) interpretthechart,and
2) giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
15
pastpapers.cn
2019年考研英语二真题答案
Section ⅠUse of English
1.D 2.A 3.B 4.B 5.D 6.B 7.A 8.D 9.C 10.A
11.A 12.D 13.B 14.A 15.C 16.D 17.C 18.A 19.D 20.A
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 CB DB D Text2 26~30 DDBA C
Text3 31~35 CDB AB Text4 36~40 BB DDC
PartB
41.A 42.D 43.C 44.G 45.F
PartC
46.
我们很容易低估英国作家吉米·哈利。他有着一种令人愉快的、可读的风格，
有人认为这种风格任何人都可以模仿得来。很多次我听到人们说：“我能写一
本书，我只是没时间。”说起来容易，做起来难。然而与大家通常所想的不同，
正如吉米·哈利所言，他在早年觉得“尝试写作游戏”并非易事。显然，即便他极
具写作天赋，哈利呈现给这个世界的作品也是经过多年的练习、重写、阅读并
且经过润色之后才得以形成的。与大多数作家一样，一路走来，吉米·哈利不得
不经受多次的失望与拒绝，但是这一切更坚定了他获取成功的决心。他生命中
所取得的一切，都是依靠自己艰苦的努力所获得的。他在文学领域的成功也不
例外。
Section III Writing
47、48略
16
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2018年 英语一 (来源: 2018-1.pdf)
·
绝密★启用前
2018 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
·
Section Ⅰ Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Trust is a tricky business. On the one hand, it’s a necessary condition 1
many worthwhile things: child care, friendships, etc. On the other hand, putting your
2 in the wrong place often carries a high 3 .
4 , why do we trust at all? Well, because it feels good. 5 people place
their trust in an individual or an institution, their brains release oxytocin, a hormone
that 6 pleasurable feelings and triggers the herding instinct that prompts
humans to 7 with one another. Scientists have found that exposure 8 this
hormone puts us in a trusting 9 : In a Swiss study, researchers sprayed oxytocin into
the noses of half the subjects; those subjects were ready to lend significantly higher
amounts of money to strangers than were their 10 who inhaled something else.
11 for us, we also have a sixth sense for dishonesty that may 12 us. A
Canadian study found that children as young as 14 months can differentiate 13 a
credible person and a dishonest one. Sixty toddlers were each 14 to an adult
tester holding a plastic container. The tester would ask, “What’s in here?” before
looking into the container, smiling, and exclaiming, “Wow!” Each subject was then
invited to look 15 . Half of them found a toy; the other half 16 the
container was empty – and realized the tester had 17 them.
Among the children who had not been tricked, the majority were 18 to
cooperate with the tester in learning a new skill, demonstrating that they trusted his
leadership. 19 , only five of the 30 children paired with the “ 20 ” tester
participated in a follow-up activity.
1.[A] on [B] like [C] for [D] from
1
pastpapers.cn
·
1.[A]on [B]like [C]for [D]from
2.[A] faith [B] concern [C] attention [D] interest
3. [A] benefit [B] debt [C] hope [D] price
4. [A] Therefore [B] Then [C] Instead [D] Again
5. [A] Until [B] Unless [C] Although [D] When
6. [A] selects [B] produces [C] applies [D] maintains
7. [A] consult [B] compete [C] connect [D] compare
8. [A] at [B] by [C] of [D] to
9. [A] context [B] mood [C] period [D] circle
10. [A] counterparts [B] substitutes [C] colleagues [D] supporters
11. [A] Funny [B] Lucky [C] Odd [D] Ironic
12. [A] monitor [B] protect [C] surprise [D] delight
13. [A] between [B] within [C] toward [D] over
14. [A] transferred [B] added [C] introduced [D] entrusted
15. [A] out [B] back [C] around [D] inside
16. [A] discovered [B] proved [C] insisted [D] remembered
17. [A] betrayed [B] wronged [C] fooled [D] mocked
18. [A] forced [B] willing [C] hesitant [D] entitled
19. [A] In contrast [B] As a result [C] On the whole [D] For instance
20. [A] inflexible [B] incapable [C] unreliable [D] unsuitable
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B,
C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
2
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 1
Among the annoying challenges facing the middle class is one that will probably
go unmentioned in the next presidential campaign: What happens when the robots
come for their jobs?
Don’t dismiss that possibility entirely. About half of U.S. jobs are at high risk of
being automated, according to a University of Oxford study, with the middle class
disproportionately squeezed. Lower-income jobs like gardening or day care don’t
appeal to robots. But many middle-class occupations – trucking, financial advice,
software engineering – have aroused their interest, or soon will. The rich own the
robots, so they will be fine.
This isn’t to be alarmist. Optimists point out that technological upheaval has
benefited workers in the past. The Industrial Revolution didn’t go so well for Luddites
whose jobs were displaced by mechanized looms, but it eventually raised living
standards and created more jobs than it destroyed. Likewise, automation should
eventually boost productivity, stimulate demand by driving down prices, and free
workers from hard, boring work. But in the medium term, middle-class workers may
need a lot of help adjusting.
The first step, as Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee argue in The Second
Machine Age, should be rethinking education and job training. Curriculums – from
grammar school to college – should evolve to focus less on memorizing facts and
more on creativity and complex communication. Vocational schools should do a
better job of fostering problem-solving skills and helping students work alongside
robots. Online education can supplement the traditional kind. It could make extra
training and instruction affordable. Professionals trying to acquire new skills will be
able to do so without going into debt.
The challenge of coping with automation underlines the need for the U.S. to
revive its fading business dynamism: Starting new companies must be made easier. In
previous eras of drastic technological change, entrepreneurs smoothed the transition
by dreaming up ways to combine labor and machines. The best uses of 3D printers
and virtual reality haven’t been invented yet. The U.S. needs the new companies that
will invent them.
Finally, because automation threatens to widen the gap between capital income
and labor income, taxes and the safety net will have to be rethought. Taxes on low-
wage labor need to be cut, and wage subsidies such as the earned income tax credit
should be expanded: This would boost incomes, encourage work, reward companies
for job creation, and reduce inequality.
Technology will improve society in ways big and small over the next few years,
yet this will be little comfort to those who find their lives and careers upended by
automation. Destroying the machines that are coming for our jobs would be nuts. But
policies to help workers adapt will be indispensable.
3
pastpapers.cn
·
21.Who will be most threatened by automation?
[A] Leading politicians.
[B] Low-wage laborers.
[C] Robot owners.
[D] Middle-class workers.
22.Which of the following best represents the author’s view?
[A]Worries about automation are in fact groundless.
[B] Optimists’ opinions on new tech find little support.
[C] Issues arising from automation need to be tackled.
[D] Negative consequences of new tech can be avoided.
23.Education in the age of automation should put more emphasis on
[A] creative potential.
[B] job-hunting skills.
[C] individual needs.
[D] cooperative spirit.
24.The author suggests that tax policies be aimed at
[A] encouraging the development of automation.
[B] increasing the return on capital investment.
[C] easing the hostility between rich and poor.
[D] preventing the income gap from widening.
25.In this text, the author presents a problem with
[A] opposing views on it.
[B] possible solutions to it.
[C] its alarming impacts.
[D] its major variations.
4
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 2
A new survey by Harvard University finds more than two-thirds of young
Americans disapprove of President Trump’s use of Twitter. The implication is that
Millennials prefer news from the White House to be filtered through other sources,
not a president’s social media platform.
Most Americans rely on social media to check daily headlines. Yet as distrust has
risen toward all media, people may be starting to beef up their media literacy skills.
Such a trend is badly needed. During the 2016 presidential campaign, nearly a quarter
of web content shared by Twitter users in the politically critical state of Michigan was
fake news, according to the University of Oxford. And a survey conducted for
BuzzFeed News found 44 percent of Facebook users rarely or never trust news from
the media giant.
Young people who are digital natives are indeed becoming more skillful at
separating fact from fiction in cyberspace. A Knight Foundation focus-group survey
of young people between ages 14 and 24 found they use “distributed trust” to verify
stories. They cross-check sources and prefer news from different perspectives –
especially those that are open about any bias. “Many young people assume a great
deal of personal responsibility for educating themselves and actively seeking out
opposing viewpoints,” the survey concluded.
Such active research can have another effect. A 2014 survey conducted in
Australia, Britain, and the United States by the University of Wisconsin-Madison
found that young people’s reliance on social media led to greater political
engagement.
Social media allows users to experience news events more intimately and
immediately while also permitting them to re-share news as a projection of their
values and interests. This forces users to be more conscious of their role in passing
along information. A survey by Barna research group found the top reason given by
Americans for the fake news phenomenon is “reader error,” more so than made-up
stories or factual mistakes in reporting. About a third say the problem of fake news
lies in “misinterpretation or exaggeration of actual news” via social media. In other
words, the choice to share news on social media may be the heart of the issue. “This
indicates there is a real personal responsibility in counteracting this problem,” says
Roxanne Stone, editor in chief at Barna Group.
So when young people are critical of an over-tweeting president, they reveal a
mental discipline in thinking skills – and in their choices on when to share on social
media.
5
pastpapers.cn
·
26.According to Paragraphs 1 and 2, many young Americans cast doubts on
[A] the justification of the news-filtering practice.
[B] people’s preference for social media platforms.
[C] the administration’s ability to handle information.
[D] social media as a reliable source of news.
27.The phrase “beef up” (Line 2, Para. 2) is closest in meaning to
[A] sharpen.
[B] define.
[C] boast.
[D] share.
28.According to the Knight Foundation survey, young people
[A] tend to voice their opinions in cyberspace.
[B] verify news by referring to diverse sources.
[C] have a strong sense of responsibility.
[D] like to exchange views on “distributed trust”.
29.The Barna survey found that a main cause for the fake news problem is
[A] readers’ outdated values.
[B] journalists’ biased reporting.
[C] readers’ misinterpretation.
[D] journalists’ made-up stories.
30.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]A Rise in Critical Skills for Sharing News Online.
[B]A Counteraction Against the Over-tweeting Trend.
[C]The Accumulation of Mutual Trust on Social Media.
[D]The Platforms for Projection of Personal Interests.
6
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 3
Any fair-minded assessment of the dangers of the deal between Britain’s
National Health Service (NHS) and DeepMind must start by acknowledging that both
sides mean well. DeepMind is one of the leading artificial intelligence (AI)
companies in the world. The potential of this work applied to healthcare is very great,
but it could also lead to further concentration of power in the tech giants. It is against
that background that the information commissioner, Elizabeth Denham, has issued her
damning verdict against the Royal Free hospital trust under the NHS, which handed
over to DeepMind the records of 1.6 million patients in 2015 on the basis of a vague
agreement which took far too little account of the patients’ rights and their
expectations of privacy.
DeepMind has almost apologized. The NHS trust has mended its ways. Further
arrangements – and there may be many – between the NHS and DeepMind will be
carefully scrutinised to ensure that all necessary permissions have been asked of
patients and all unnecessary data has been cleaned. There are lessons about informed
patient consent to learn. But privacy is not the only angle in this case and not even the
most important. Ms Denham chose to concentrate the blame on the NHS trust, since
under existing law it “controlled” the data and DeepMind merely “processed” it. But
this distinction misses the point that it is processing and aggregation, not the mere
possession of bits, that gives the data value.
The great question is who should benefit from the analysis of all the data that our
lives now generate. Privacy law builds on the concept of damage to an individual
from identifiable knowledge about them. That misses the way the surveillance
economy works. The data of an individual there gains its value only when it is
compared with the data of countless millions more.
The use of privacy law to curb the tech giants in this instance feels slightly
maladapted. This practice does not address the real worry. It is not enough to say that
the algorithms DeepMind develops will benefit patients and save lives. What matters
is that they will belong to a private monopoly which developed them using public
resources. If software promises to save lives on the scale that drugs now can, big data
may be expected to behave as a big pharma has done. We are still at the beginning of
this revolution and small choices now may turn out to have gigantic consequences
later. A long struggle will be needed to avoid a future of digital feudalism. Ms
Denham’s report is a welcome start.
7
pastpapers.cn
·
31.What is true of the agreement between the NHS and DeepMind?
[A] It caused conflicts among tech giants.
[B] It failed to pay due attention to patients’ rights.
[C] It fell short of the latter’s expectations.
[D] It put both sides into a dangerous situation.
32.The NHS trust responded to Denham’s verdict with
[A] empty promises.
[B] tough resistance.
[C] necessary adjustments.
[D] sincere apologies.
33.The author argues in Paragraph 2 that
[A] privacy protection must be secured at all costs.
[B] leaking patients’ data is worse than selling it.
[C] making profits from patients’ data is illegal.
[D] the value of data comes from the processing of it.
34.According to the last paragraph, the real worry arising from this deal is
[A] the vicious rivalry among big pharmas.
[B] the ineffective enforcement of privacy law.
[C] the uncontrolled use of new software.
[D] the monopoly of big data by tech giants.
35.The author’s attitude toward the application of AI to healthcare is
[A] ambiguous.
[B] cautious.
[C] appreciative.
[D] contemptuous.
8
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 4
The U.S. Postal Service (USPS) continues to bleed red ink. It reported a net loss
of $5.6 billion for fiscal 2016, the 10th straight year its expenses have exceeded
revenue. Meanwhile, it has more than $120 billion in unfunded liabilities, mostly for
employee health and retirement costs. There are many reasons this formerly stable
federal institution finds itself at the brink of bankruptcy. Fundamentally, the USPS is
in a historic squeeze between technological change that has permanently decreased
demand for its bread-and-butter product, first-class mail, and a regulatory structure
that denies management the flexibility to adjust its operations to the new reality.
And interest groups ranging from postal unions to greeting-card makers exert
self-interested pressure on the USPS’s ultimate overseer – Congress – insisting that
whatever else happens to the Postal Service, aspects of the status quo they depend on
get protected. This is why repeated attempts at reform legislation have failed in recent
years, leaving the Postal Service unable to pay its bills except by deferring vital
modernization.
Now comes word that everyone involved – Democrats, Republicans, the Postal
Service, the unions and the system’s heaviest users – has finally agreed on a plan to
fix the system. Legislation is moving through the House that would save USPS an
estimated $28.6 billion over five years, which could help pay for new vehicles,
among other survival measures. Most of the money would come from a penny-per-
letter permanent rate increase and from shifting postal retirees into Medicare. The
latter step would largely offset the financial burden of annually pre-funding retiree
health care, thus addressing a long-standing complaint by the USPS and its unions.
If it clears the House, this measure would still have to get through the Senate –
where someone is bound to point out that it amounts to the bare, bare minimum
necessary to keep the Postal Service afloat, not comprehensive reform. There’s no
change to collective bargaining at the USPS, a major omission considering that
personnel accounts for 80 percent of the agency’s costs. Also missing is any
discussion of eliminating Saturday letter delivery. That common-sense change enjoys
wide public support and would save the USPS $2 billion per year. But postal special-
interest groups seem to have killed it, at least in the House. The emerging consensus
around the bill is a sign that legislators are getting frightened about a politically
embarrassing short-term collapse at the USPS. It is not, however, a sign that they’re
getting serious about transforming the postal system for the 21st century.
9
pastpapers.cn
·
36.The financial problem with the USPS is caused partly by
[A] its unbalanced budget.
[B] its rigid management.
[C] the cost for technical upgrading.
[D] the withdrawal of bank support.
37.According to Paragraph 2, the USPS fails to modernize itself due to
[A] the interference from interest groups.
[B] the inadequate funding from Congress.
[C] the shrinking demand for postal service.
[D] the incompetence of postal unions.
38.The long-standing complaint by the USPS and its unions can be addressed by
[A] removing its burden of retiree health care.
[B] making more investment in new vehicles.
[C] adopting a new rate-increase mechanism.
[D] attracting more first-class mail users.
39.In the last paragraph, the author seems to view legislators with
[A] respect.
[B] tolerance.
[C] discontent.
[D] gratitude.
40.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]The USPS Starts to Miss Its Good Old Days.
[B]The Postal Service: Keep Away from My Cheese.
[C]The USPS: Chronic Illness Requires a Quick Cure.
[D]The Postal Service Needs More Than a Band-Aid.
10
pastpapers.cn
·
Part B
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For Questions 41-45, you are
required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent article by choosing from the
list A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs C and F have been
correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
[A] In December of 1869, Congress appointed a commission to select a site and
prepare plans and cost estimates for a new State Department Building. The
commission was also to consider possible arrangements for the War and Navy
Departments. To the horror of some who expected a Greek Revival twin of the
Treasury Building to be erected on the other side of the White House, the
elaborate French Second Empire style design by Alfred Mullett was selected, and
construction of a building to house all three departments began in June of 1871.
[B] Completed in 1875, the State Department’s south wing was the first to be
occupied, with its elegant four-story library (completed in 1876), Diplomatic
Reception Room, and Secretary’s office decorated with carved wood, Oriental
rugs, and stenciled wall patterns. The Navy Department moved into the east wing
in 1879, where elaborate wall and ceiling stenciling and marquetry floors
decorated the office of the Secretary.
[C] The State, War, and Navy Building, as it was originally known, housed the three
Executive Branch Departments most intimately associated with formulating and
conducting the nation’s foreign policy in the last quarter of the nineteenth century
and the first quarter of the twentieth century – the period when the United States
emerged as an international power. The building has housed some of the nation’s
most significant diplomats and politicians and has been the scene of many
historic events.
[D] Many of the most celebrated national figures have participated in historical events
that have taken place within the EEOB’s granite walls. Theodore and Franklin D.
Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Lyndon B. Johnson,
Gerald Ford, and George H. W. Bush all had offices in this building before
11
pastpapers.cn
·
becoming president. It has housed 16 Secretaries of the Navy, 21 Secretaries of
War, and 24 Secretaries of State. Winston Churchill once walked its corridors and
Japanese emissaries met here with Secretary of State Cordell Hull after the
bombing of Pearl Harbor.
[E] The Eisenhower Executive Office Building (EEOB) commands a unique position
in both the national history and the architectural heritage of the United States.
Designed by Supervising Architect of the Treasury, Alfred B. Mullett, it was built
from 1871 to 1888 to house the growing staffs of the State, War, and Navy
Departments, and is considered one of the best examples of French Second
Empire architecture in the country.
[F] Construction took 17 years as the building slowly rose wing by wing. When the
EEOB was finished, it was the largest office building in Washington, with nearly
2 miles of black and white tiled corridors. Almost all of the interior detail is of
cast iron or plaster; the use of wood was minimized to insure fire safety. Eight
monumental curving staircases of granite with over 4,000 individually cast bronze
balusters are capped by four skylight domes and two stained glass rotundas.
[G] The history of the EEOB began long before its foundations were laid. The first
executive offices were constructed between 1799 and 1820. A series of fires
(including those set by the British in 1814) and overcrowded conditions led to the
construction of the existing Treasury Building. In 1866, the construction of the
North Wing of the Treasury Building necessitated the demolition of the State
Department building.
4411. . → CC → 4422. . → 4433. . → FF → 4444. . → 4455. .
12
pastpapers.cn
·
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Shakespeare’s lifetime was coincident with a period of extraordinary activity and
achievement in the drama. (46) By the date of his birth Europe was witnessing the
passing of the religious drama, and the creation of new forms under the incentive of
classical tragedy and comedy. These new forms were at first mainly written by
scholars and performed by amateurs, but in England, as everywhere else in western
Europe, the growth of a class of professional actors was threatening to make the
drama popular, whether it should be new or old, classical or medieval, literary or
farcical. Court, school, organizations of amateurs, and the traveling actors were all
rivals in supplying a widespread desire for dramatic entertainment; and (47) no boy
who went to a grammar school could be ignorant that the drama was a form of
literature which gave glory to Greece and Rome and might yet bring honor to
England.
When Shakespeare was twelve years old the first public playhouse was built in
London. For a time literature showed no interest in this public stage. Plays aiming at
literary distinction were written for schools or court, or for the choir boys of St.Paul’s
and the royal chapel, who, however, gave plays in public as well as at court. (48) But
the professional companies prospered in their permanent theaters, and university men
with literary ambitions were quick to turn to these theaters as offering a means of
livelihood. By the time that Shakespeare was twenty-five, Lyly, Peele, and Greene
had made comedies that were at once popular and literary; Kyd had written a tragedy
that crowded the pit; and Marlowe had brought poetry and genius to triumph on the
common stage – where they had played no part since the death of Euripides. (49) A
native literary drama had been created, its alliance with the public playhouses
established, and at least some of its great traditions had been begun .
The development of the Elizabethan drama for the next twenty-five years is of
exceptional interest to students of literary history, for in this brief period we may trace
the beginning, growth, blossoming, and decay of many kinds of plays, and of many
great careers. We are amazed today at the mere number of plays produced, as well as
by the number of dramatists writing at the same time for this London of two hundred
thousand inhabitants. (50) To realize how great was the dramatic activity, we must
remember further that hosts of plays have been lost, and that probably there is no
author of note whose entire work has survived.
13
pastpapers.cn
·
Section Ⅲ Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
Write an email to all international experts on campus inviting them to attend the
graduation ceremony. In your email you should include time, place and other relevant
information about the ceremony.
You should write about 100 words neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not use your own name at the end of the email. Use “Li Ming” instead.
(10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the picture below. In your essay, you
should
1) describe the picture briefly,
2) interpret the meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.（20 points）
选课进行时
14
pastpapers.cn
·
2018年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.C 2.A 3.D 4.B 5.D 6.B 7.C 8.D 9.B 10.A
11.B 12.B 13.A 14.C 15.D 16.A 17.C 18.B 19.A 20.C
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 D C A D B Text 2 26~30 D A B C A
Text 3 31~35 B C D D B Text 4 36~40 B A A C D
Part B
41.E 42.G 43.A 44.B 45.D
Part C
46. 他出生时，欧洲正见证着宗教剧的消亡，以及在古典悲剧和喜剧启发之下新型戏剧
形式的诞生。
47. 凡是文法学校的学童就不会不知道，戏剧这种文学形式曾给希腊和罗马带来辉煌，
或也将为英国带来荣耀。
48. 但是专业剧团在他们的固定剧场里蓬勃发是，而大学里有文学抱负的人们迅速转向
这些剧场，视其为一种谋生手段。
49. 一种本土的文学戏剧已然形成。它与公共剧场的联盟已然建立，它的伟大传统中至
少有一部分也已然开启。
50. 要明白当时的戏剧活动是何等繁荣，我们还必须记住，大量剧作都已散失，恐怕没
有哪位知名作家的全部作品幸存至今。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
15
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2018年 英语二 (来源: 2018-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2018 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn1
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word (s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
Why do people read negative Internet comments and do other things that will
obviously be painful? Because humans have an inherent need to 1 uncertainty,
according to a recent study in Psychological Science. The new research reveals that
the need to know is so strong that people will 2 to satisfy their curiosity even
whenitiscleartheanswerwill 3 .
In a series of four experiments, behavioral scientists at the University of Chicago
and the WisconsinSchoolof Businesstestedstudents’ willingnessto 4 themselves
to unpleasant stimuli in an effort to satisfy curiosity. For one 5 , each participant
wasshownapileofpensthattheresearcherclaimedwerefrom apreviousexperiment.
The twist? Half of the pens would 6 anelectric shockwhen clicked.
Twenty-seven students were told which pens were electrified; another
twenty-sevenweretoldonlythatsomewere electrified. 7 leftaloneintheroom,
thestudentswho didnotknowwhichoneswouldshockthemclickedmorepensand
incurred more shocks than the students who knew what would 8 .Subsequent
experimentsreproducedthiseffectwithother stimuli, 9 thesoundoffingernails
onachalkboardandphotographsofdisgustinginsects.
The drive to 10 is deeply rooted in humans, much the same as the basic
drives for 11 or shelter, says Christopher Hsee of the University of Chicago.
Curiosity is often considered a good instinct – it can 12 new scientific advances,
for instance – but sometimes such 13 can backfire. The insight that curiosity
candriveyou todo 14 thingsisaprofoundone.
Unhealthy curiosity is possible to 15 , however. In a final experiment,
participants who were encouraged to 16 how they would feel after viewing an
unpleasant picture were less likely to 17 to see such an image. These results
suggest that imagining the 18 of following through on one’s curiosity ahead of
timecanhelpdetermine 19 itisworththeendeavor.“Thinking about long-term
20 iskey to reducing the possible negative effects of curiosity,” Hsee says. In
otherwords,don’treadonlinecomments.
2
pastpapers.cn
1.A. protect B.resolve C.discuss D.ignore
2.A. refuse B.wait C.regret D.seek
3.A. hurt B.last C.mislead D.rise
4.A. alert B.tie C.treat D.expose
5.A. message B.review C.trial D.concept
6.A. remove B.weaken C.interrupt D.deliver
7.A. When B.If C.Though D.Unless
8.A. continue B.happen C.disappear D.change
9.A. ratherthan B.regardlessof C.suchas D.owingto
10.A. discover B.forgive C.forget D.disagree
11.A. pay B.marriage C.schooling D.food
12.A. leadto B.reston C.learnfrom D.beginwith
13.A. withdrawal B.persistence C.inquiry D.diligence
14.A. self-reliant B.self-destructive C.self-evident D.self-deceptive
15.A. define B.resist C.replace D.trace
16.A. overlook B.predict C.design D.conceal
17.A. remember B.promise C.choose D.pretend
18.A. relief B.plan C.duty D.outcome
19.A. why B.whether C.where D.how
20.A. consequences B.investments C.strategies D.limitations
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,B,
3
pastpapers.cn
CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
Text1
It is curious that Stephen Koziatek feels almost as though he has to justify his
effortstogivehisstudentsabetterfuture.
Mr. Koziatek is part of something pioneering. He is a teacher at a New
Hampshire high school where learning is not something of books and tests and
mechanical memorization, but practical. When did it become accepted wisdom that
students should be able to name the 13th president of the United States but be utterly
overwhelmedbyabrokenbikechain?
As Koziatek knows, there is learning in just about everything. Nothing is
necessarily gained by forcing students to learn geometry at a graffitied desk stuck
with generations of discarded chewing gum. They can also learn geometry by
assemblingabicycle.
But he’s also found a kind of insidious prejudice. Working with your hands is
seen as almost a mark of inferiority. Schools in the family of vocational education
“havethatstereotype...thatit’sfor kidswhocan’tmakeitacademically,”hesays.
On one hand, that viewpoint is a logical product of America’s evolution.
Manufacturing is not the economic engine that it once was. The job security that the
US economy once offered to high school graduates has largely evaporated. More
educationisthenewprinciple.Wewantmorefor ourkids,andrightfullyso.
But the headlong push into bachelor’s degrees for all – and the subtle devaluing
of anything less – misses an important point: That’s not the only thing the American
economyneeds. Yes,abachelor’sdegreeopensmoredoors. Butevennow,54percent
of the jobs in the country are middle-skill jobs, such as construction and high-skill
manufacturing.Butonly44percentofworkersareadequatelytrained.
In other words, at a time when the working class has turned the country on its
political head, frustrated that the opportunity that once defined America is vanishing,
oneobvioussolution isstaring usin theface.There isagap in working-classjobs,but
the workers who need those jobs most aren’t equipped to do them. Koziatek’s
ManchesterSchoolofTechnology High Schoolistryingtofillthatgap.
Koziatek’s schoolisa wake-upcall. When education becomesone-size-fits-all, it
risksoverlookinganation’sdiversityofgifts.
4
pastpapers.cn
21.Abrokenbikechainismentionedtoshowstudents’lackof .
A. practicalability
B. academictraining
C. pioneeringspirit
D. mechanicalmemorization
22.Thereexiststheprejudicethatvocationaleducationisforkidswho .
A. haveastereotypedmind
B. havenocareermotivation
C. arenotacademicallysuccessful
D. arefinanciallydisadvantaged
23.WecaninferfromParagraph5thathighschoolgraduates .
A. usedtohavebigfinancialconcerns
B. usedtohavemorejobopportunities
C. arereluctanttoworkinmanufacturing
D. areentitledtomoreeducationalprivileges
24.Theheadlongpushintobachelor’sdegreesforall .
A. helpscreatealotofmiddle-skilljobs
B. maynarrowthegapinworking-classjobs
C. isexpectedtoyieldabetter-trainedworkforce
D. indicatestheovervaluingofhighereducation
25.Theauthor’sattitudetowardKoziatek’sschoolcanbedescribedas .
A. supportive
B. tolerant
C. disappointed
D. cautious
5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
While fossil fuels – coal, oil, gas – still generate roughly 85 percent of the
world’s energy supply, it’s clearer than ever that the future belongs to renewable
sources such as wind and solar. The move to renewables is picking up momentum
around the world: They now account for more than half of new power sources going
online.
Some growth stems from a commitment by governments and farsighted
businesses to fund cleaner energy sources. But increasingly the story is about the
plummeting prices of renewables, especially wind and solar. The cost of solar panels
has dropped by 80 percent and the cost of wind turbines by close to one-third in the
pasteightyears.
In many parts of the world renewable energy is already a principal energy
source. In Scotland, for example, wind turbines provide enough electricity to
power 95 percent of homes. While the rest of the world takes the lead, notably
China and Europe, the United States is also seeing a remarkable shift. In March, for
the first time, wind and solar power accounted for more than 10 percent of the power
generatedintheUS,reportedtheUSEnergy InformationAdministration.
President Trump has underlined fossil fuels – especially coal – as the path to
economic growth. In a recent speech in Iowa, he dismissed wind power as an
unreliable energy source. But that message did not play well with many in Iowa,
where wind turbines dot the fields and provide 36 percent of the state’s electricity
generation – and where tech giants like Microsoft are being attracted by the
availabilityofcleanenergy topowertheirdatacenters.
The question “what happens when the wind doesn’t blow or the sun doesn’t
shine?” has provided a quick put-down for skeptics. But a boost in the storage
capacity of batteries is making their ability to keep power flowing around the clock
morelikely.
The advance is driven in part by vehicle manufacturers, who are placing big
bets on battery-powered electric vehicles. Although electric cars are still a rarity on
roadsnow,thismassiveinvestmentcould changethepicturerapidlyincomingyears.
While there’s a long way to go, the trend lines for renewables are spiking. The
pace of change in energy sources appears to be speeding up – perhaps just in time
to have a meaningful effect in slowing climate change. What Washington does – or
doesn’t do – to promote alternative energy may mean less and less at a time of a
globalshiftin thought.
6
pastpapers.cn
26.Theword“plummeting”(Line3,Para.2)isclosestinmeaningto .
A. stabilizing
B. changing
C. falling
D. rising
27.AccordingtoParagraph3,theuseofrenewableenergyinAmerica .
A. isprogressingnotably
B. isasextensiveasinEurope
C. facesmanychallenges
D. hasprovedtobeimpractical
28.ItcanbelearnedthatinIowa, .
A. windisawidelyusedenergysource
B. windenergy hasreplacedfossilfuels
C. techgiantsareinvestingincleanenergy
D. thereisashortageofcleanenergysupply
29.Whichofthefollowingistrueaboutcleanenergy accordingtoParagraphs5&6？
A. Itsapplicationhasboostedbatterystorage.
B. Itiscommonlyusedincarmanufacturing.
C. Itscontinuoussupplyisbecomingareality.
D. Itssustainableexploitationwillremaindifficult.
30.Itcanbeinferredfrom thelastparagraphthatrenewableenergy .
A. willbringtheUSclosertoothercountries
B. willaccelerateglobalenvironmentalchange
C. isnotreallyencouragedbytheUSgovernment
D. isnotcompetitiveenoughwithregardtoitscost
7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
The power and ambition of the giants of the digital economy is astonishing-
Amazon has just announced the purchase of the upmarket grocery chain Whole
Foods for ＄ 13.5bn, but two years ago Facebook paid even more than that to
acquire the WhatsApp messaging service, which doesn’t have any physical
product at all. What WhatsApp offered Facebook was an intricate and finely
detailed webofitsusers’friendshipsandsociallives.
Facebook promised the European commission then that it would not link
phone numbers toFacebook identities, butitbroke the promise almost assoon asthe
deal went through. Even without knowing what was in the messages, the knowledge
of who sent them and to whom was enormously revealing and still could be. What
political journalist, what party whip, would not want to know the makeup of the
WhatsApp groups in which Theresa May’s enemies are currently plotting? It may be
that the value of Whole Foods to Amazon is not so much the 460 shops it owns, but
therecordsofwhichcustomershavepurchasedwhat.
Competition law appears to be the only way to address these imbalances of
power. But it is clumsy. For one thing, it is very slow compared to the pace of
change within the digital economy. By the time a problem has been addressed and
remedied it mayhave vanished in the marketplace, to be replaced by new abuses of
power. But there is a deeper conceptual problem, too. Competition law as
presently interpreted deals with financial disadvantage to consumers and this is not
obvious when the users of these services don’t pay for them. The users of their
services are not their customers. That would be the people who buy advertising
from them – and Facebook and Google, the two virtual giants, dominatedigital
advertisingtothedisadvantageofallother mediaandentertainmentcompanies.
The product they’re selling is data, and we, the users, convert our lives to data
for the benefit of the digital giants. Just assome ants farm the bugs called aphids for
the honeydew they produce when they feed, so Google farms us for the data that
our digital lives yield. Ants keep predatory insects away from where their aphids
feed; Gmail keeps the spammers out of our inboxes. It doesn’t feel like a human or
democraticrelationship,evenifbothsides benefit.
8
pastpapers.cn
31.AccordingtoParagraph1,FacebookacquiredWhatsAppforits .
A. digitalproducts
B. userinformation
C. physicalassets
D. qualityservice
32.LinkingphonenumberstoFacebookidentitiesmay .
A. worsenpoliticaldisputes
B. messupcustomerrecords
C. posearisktoFacebookusers
D. misleadtheEuropeancommission
33.Accordingtotheauthor,competitionlaw .
A. shouldservethenewmarketpowers
B. mayworsentheeconomicimbalance
C. shouldnotprovidejustonelegalsolution
D. cannotkeeppacewiththechangingmarket
34. CompetitionlawaspresentlyinterpretedcanhardlyprotectFacebookusers
because .
A. theyarenotdefinedascustomers
B. theyarenotfinanciallyreliable
C. theservicesaregenerallydigital
D. theservicesarepaidfor byadvertisers
35.Theantsanalogyisusedtoillustrate .
A. awin-winbusinessmodelbetweendigitalgiants
B. atypicalcompetitionpatternamongdigitalgiants
C. thebenefitsprovidedfordigitalgiants’customers
D. therelationshipbetweendigitalgiantsandtheirusers
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Tocombat the trap of putting a premium on being busy, Cal Newport, author of
Deep Work:Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World,recommendsbuilding a
habitof“deepwork”–theabilitytofocuswithoutdistraction.
There are a number of approaches to mastering the art of deep work – be it
lengthy retreats dedicated to a specific task; developing a daily ritual; or taking a
“journalistic” approach to seizing moments of deep work when you can throughout
the day. Whichever approach, the key is to determine your length of focus time and
sticktoit.
Newport also recommends “deep scheduling” to combat constant interruptions
and get more done in less time. “At any given point, I should have deep work
scheduled for roughly the next month. Once on the calendar, I protect this time like I
wouldadoctor’sappointmentorimportantmeeting”,hewrites.
Another approach to getting more done in less time is to rethink how you
prioritise your day – in particular how we craft our to-do lists. Tim Harford, author of
Messy: The Power of Disorder to Transform Our Lives, points to a study in the early
1980s that divided undergraduates into two groups: some were advised to set out
monthly goals and study activities; others were told to plan activities and goals in
muchmoredetail,daybyday.
While the researchers assumed that the well-structured daily plans would be
most effective when it came to the execution of tasks, they were wrong: the detailed
daily plans demotivated students. Harford argues that inevitable distractions often
render the daily to-do list ineffective, while leaving room for improvisation in such a
listcanreapthebestresults.
In order to make the most of our focus and energy, we also need to embrace
downtime,orasNewportsuggests,“belazy”.
“Idleness is not just a vacation, an indulgence or a vice; it is as indispensable to
the brain as vitamin D is to the body…[idleness] is, paradoxically, necessary to
gettinganyworkdone,”heargues.
Srini Pillay, an assistant professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School,
believes this counterintuitive link between downtime and productivity may be due to
the way our brains operate. When our brains switch between being focused and
unfocusedonatask,theytendtobemoreefficient.
“What people don’t realise is that in order to complete these tasks they need to
useboththefocusandunfocuscircuitsintheirbrain,”saysPillay.
10
pastpapers.cn
36.Thekeytomasteringtheartofdeepworkisto .
A. keeptoyour focustime
B. listyourimmediatetasks
C. makespecificdailyplans
D. seizeeveryminutetowork
37.Thestudyintheearly1980scitedbyHarfordshowsthat .
A. distractionsmayactuallyincreaseefficiency
B. dailyschedulesareindispensabletostudying
C. studentsarehardlymotivatedbymonthlygoals
D. detailedplansmaynotbeasfruitfulasexpected
38.AccordingtoNewport,idlenessis .
A. adesirablementalstatefor busypeople
B. amajorcontributortophysicalhealth
C. aneffectivewaytosavetimeandenergy
D. anessentialfactorinaccomplishinganywork
39.Pillaybelievesthatourbrains’shift betweenbeingfocusedandunfocused .
A. canresultinpsychologicalwell-being
B. canbringaboutgreaterefficiency
C. isaimedatbetterbalanceinwork
D. isdrivenbytaskurgency
40.Thistextismainlyabout .
A. waystorelievethetensionofbusylife
B. approachestogettingmoredoneinlesstime
C. thekeytoeliminatingdistractions
D. thecauseofthelackoffocustime
11
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subtitles from the list A-G for each numbered paragraph (41-45). There are two extra
subtitles which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET.
(10points)
[A]Justsayit
[B]Bepresent
[C]Payauniquecompliment
[D]Name,places,things
[E]Findthe“metoo”s
[F] Skipthesmalltalk
[G]Askfor anopinion
Fivewaystomake conversationwithanyone
Conversations are links, which means when you have a conversation with a new
person a link gets formed and every conversation you have after that moment will
strengthenthelink.
Youmeet new people every day: the grocery worker, the cab driver, new people
at work or the security guard at the door. Simply starting a conversation with them
willformalink.
Here are five simple ways that you can make the first move and start a
conversationwithstrangers.
41.
Suppose you are in a room with someone you don’t know and something within
you says “I want to talk with this person” – this is something that mostly happens
with all of us. Youwanted to say something – the first word – but it just won’t come
out, it feels like it is stuck somewhere. I know the feeling and here is my advice: just
getitout.
Just think: what is the worst that could happen? They won’t talk with you? Well,
theyarenottalkingwithyou now!
12
pastpapers.cn
Itrulybelievethatonceyou getthatfirstword outeverythingelsewilljustflow.
So keep it simple: “Hi”, “Hey”or “Hello” – do the best you can to gather all of the
enthusiasmandenergy youcan,putonabigsmileandsay“Hi”.
42.
It is a problem all of us face; you have limited time with the person that you
wanttotalkwithandyouwanttomakethistalkmemorable.
Honestly, if we got stuck in the rut of “hi”, “hello”, “how are you?” and “what is
going on?”, you will fail to give the initial jolt to the conversation that can make it so
memorable.
So don’t be afraid to ask more personal questions. Trust me, you’ll be surprised
toseehowmuchpeoplearewillingtoshareifyou justask.
43.
When you meet a person for the first time, make an effort to find the things
which you and that person have in common so that you can build the conversation
from that point. When you start conversation from there and then move outwards,
you’llfind allofasuddenthattheconversationbecomesaloteasier.
44.
Imagine you are pouring your heart out to someone and they are just busy on
theirphone,andifyou askfortheirattentionyou gettheresponse“Icanmultitask”.
So when someone tries to communicate with you, just be in that communication
wholeheartedly. Make eye contact. Trust me, eye contact is where all the magic
happens.Whenyou makeeye contact,you canfeeltheconversation.
45.
Youall came into a conversation where you first met the person, but after some
time you may have met again and have forgotten their name. Isn’t that awkward! So,
remember the little details of the people you met or you talked with; perhaps the
places they have been to, the places they want to go, the things they like, the things
theyhate–whateveryou talkabout.
When you remember such things you can automatically become investor in their
wellbeing.So theyfeelaresponsibilitytoyou tokeepthatrelationshipgoing.
13
pastpapers.cn
That’sit.Fiveamazing waysthatyou canmakeconversation withalmostanyone.
Everypersonisareallygood booktoread,ortohaveaconversationwith!
Section III Translation
46.Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation neatly on the
ANSWERSHEET.(15points)
Afifth grader getsa homework assignment to selecthis future career path from a
list of occupations. He ticks “astronaut” but quickly adds “scientist” to the list and
selects it as well. The boy is convinced that if he reads enough, he can explore as
many career paths as he likes. And so he reads – everything from encyclopedias to
science fiction novels. He reads so passionately that his parents have to institute a “no
readingpolicy”atthedinnertable.
That boy was Bill Gates, and he hasn’t stopped reading yet – not even after
becoming one of the most successful people on the planet. Nowadays, his reading
material has changed from science fiction and reference books: recently, he revealed
that he reads at least 50 nonfiction books a year. Gates chooses nonfiction titles
because they explain how the world works. “Each book opens up new avenues of
knowledgetoexplore”,Gatessays.
Section Ⅳ Writing
PartA
47. Directions:
Suppose you have to cancel your travel plan and will not be able to visit
Professor Smith.Writehimanemailto
1) apologizeandexplainthesituation,and
2) suggestafuturemeeting.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownname.Use“LiMing”instead.
14
pastpapers.cn
Donotwriteyouraddress. (10points)
PartB
48.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.In your writing, youshould
1) interpretthechart,and
2) giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
2017 年某市消费者选择餐厅时的关注因素
15
pastpapers.cn
2018年英语二真题答案
SectionⅠUseof English
1.B 2.D 3.A 4.D 5.C 6.D 7.A 8.B 9.C 10.A
11.D 12.A 13.C 14.B 15.B 16.B 17.C 18.D 19.B 20.A
SectionⅡReadingComprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 ACB DA Text2 26~30 C AAC C
Text3 31~35 BC DAD Text4 36~40 ADDB B
PartB
41.A 42.F 43.E 44.B 45.D
PartC
46.
一个五年级的学生收到一份家庭作业：即从一系列职业中选择自己未
来的职业道路。他勾划了“宇航员”，但很快由将“科学家”添加到列表中，并
也将其选中。这个男孩相信，如果他读得足够多，他就可以探索尽可能多的
他喜欢的职业道路。所以他读书广泛——从百科全书到科幻小说。他读得如
此投入，以至于他的父母不得不制定一个：在餐桌上的“不读书政策”。
那个男孩就是比尔盖茨，他没有停止阅读，甚至在他成为这个星球上最
成功的人士之一后，仍旧没有停下来。现在，他的阅读材料已经不再是科幻
小说和工具书了：最近据他所说，他一年内至少读了50本非科幻小说。比尔
盖茨选择非科幻小说类书籍，是因为这类书籍解释了世界是如何运作的。“每
本书都开辟了新的知识探索渠道。”盖茨说。
SectionIII Writing
47、48见解析
16
pastpapers.cn
17
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2017年 英语一 (来源: 2017-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2017 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Could a hug a day keep the doctor away? The answer may be a resounding
“yes!” 1 helping you feel close and 2 to people you care about, it
turns out that hugs can bring a 3 of health benefits to your body and mind.
Believe it or not, a warm embrace might even help you 4 getting sick this
winter.
In a recent study 5 over 400 healthy adults, researchers from Carnegie
Mellon University in Pennsylvania examined the effects of perceived social
support and the receipt of hugs 6 the participants’ susceptibility to
developing the common cold after being 7 to the virus. People who
perceived greater social support were less likely to come 8 with a cold, and
the researchers 9 that the stress-reducing effects of hugging 10 about
32 percent of that beneficial effect. 11 among those who got a cold, the ones
who felt greater social support and received more frequent hugs had less
severe 12 .
“Hugging protects people who are under stress from the 13 risk for
colds that’s usually 14 with stress,” notes Sheldon Cohen, a professor of
psychology at Carnegie. Hugging “is a marker of intimacy and helps 15 the
feeling that others are there to help 16 difficulty.”
Some experts 17 the stress-reducing, health-related benefits of hugging
to the release of oxytocin, often called “the bonding hormone” 18 it
promotes attachment in relationships, including that between mothers and their
newborn babies. Oxytocin is made primarily in the central lower part of the brain,
and some of it is released into the bloodstream. But some of it 19 in the brain,
where it 20 mood, behavior and physiology.
1
pastpapers.cn
1．[A] Unlike [B] Besides [C] Despite [D] Throughout
2．[A] connected [B] restricted [C] equal [D] inferior
3．[A] choice [B] view [C] lesson [D] host
4．[A] recall [B] forget [C] avoid [D] keep
5．[A] collecting [B] involving [C] guiding [D] affecting
6．[A] of [B] in [C] at [D] on
7．[A] devoted [B] exposed [C] lost [D] attracted
8．[A] across [B] along [C] down [D] out
9．[A] calculated [B] denied [C] doubted [D] imagined
10．[A] served [B] required [C] restored [D] explained
11．[A] Even [B] Still [C] Rather [D] Thus
12．[A] defeats [B] symptoms [C] tests [D] errors
13．[A] minimized [B] highlighted [C] controlled [D] increased
14．[A] equipped [B] associated [C] presented [D] compared
15．[A] assess [B] moderate [C] generate [D] record
16．[A] in the face of [B] in the form of [C] in the way of [D] in the name of
17．[A] transfer [B] commit [C] attribute [D] return
18．[A] because [B] unless [C] though [D] until
19．[A] emerges [B] vanishes [C] remains [D] decreases
20．[A] experiences [B] combines [C] justifies [D] influences
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing
A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
2
pastpapers.cn
Text 1
First two hours, now three hours – this is how far in advance authorities are
recommending people show up to catch a domestic flight, at least at some major U.S.
airports with increasingly massive security lines.
Americans are willing to tolerate time-consuming security procedures in return
for increased safety. The crash of EgyptAir Flight 804, which terrorists may have
downed over the Mediterranean Sea, provides another tragic reminder of why. But
demanding too much of air travelers or providing too little security in return
undermines public support for the process. And it should: Wasted time is a drag on
Americans’ economic and private lives, not to mention infuriating.
Last year, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) found in a secret
check that undercover investigators were able to sneak weapons – both fake and
real – past airport security nearly every time they tried. Enhanced security
measures since then, combined with a rise in airline travel due to the improving
economy and low oil prices, have resulted in long waits at major airports such as
Chicago’s O’Hare International. It is not yet clear how much more effective airline
security has become – but the lines are obvious.
Part of the issue is that the government did not anticipate the steep increase in
airline travel, so the TSA is now rushing to get new screeners on the line. Part of the
issue is that airports have only so much room for screening lanes. Another factor
may be that more people are trying to overpack their carry-on bags to avoid checked-
baggage fees, though the airlines strongly dispute this.
There is one step the TSA could take that would not require remodeling airports
or rushing to hire: Enroll more people in the PreCheck program. PreCheck is
supposed to be a win-win for travelers and the TSA. Passengers who pass a
background check are eligible to use expedited screening lanes. This allows the TSA
to focus on travelers who are higher risk, saving time for everyone involved. The
TSA wants to enroll 25 million people in PreCheck.
It has not gotten anywhere close to that, and one big reason is sticker shock:
Passengers must pay $85 every five years to process their background checks.
Since the beginning, this price tag has been PreCheck’s fatal flaw. Upcoming
reforms might bring the price to a more reasonable level. But Congress should
look into doing so directly, by helping to finance PreCheck enrollment or to cut
costs in other ways.
The TSA cannot continue diverting resources into underused PreCheck lanes
while most of the traveling public suffers in unnecessary lines. It is long past time to
make the program work.
3
pastpapers.cn
21.The crash of EgyptAir Flight 804 is mentioned to
[A] explain American’s tolerance of current security checks.
[B] stress the urgency to strengthen security worldwide.
[C] highlight the necessity of upgrading major U.S. airports.
[D] emphasize the importance of privacy protection.
22.Which of the following contributes to long waits at major airports?
[A] New restrictions on carry-on bags.
[B]The declining efficiency of the TSA.
[C]An increase in the number of travelers.
[D] Frequent unexpected secret checks.
23.The word “expedited” (Line 4, Para. 5) is closest in meaning to
[A] quieter.
[B] cheaper.
[C] wider.
[D] faster.
24.One problem with the PreCheck program is
[A] a dramatic reduction of its scale.
[B] its wrongly-directed implementation.
[C] the government’s reluctance to back it.
[D] an unreasonable price for enrollment.
25.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A] Less Screening for More Safety
[B] PreCheck – a Belated Solution
[C] Getting Stuck in Security Lines
[D] Underused PreCheck Lanes
4
pastpapers.cn
Text 2
“ The ancient Hawaiians were astronomers,” wrote Queen Liliuokalani,
Hawaii’s last reigning monarch, in 1897. Star watchers were among the most
esteemed members of Hawaiian society. Sadly, all is not well with astronomy in
Hawaii today. Protests have erupted over construction of the Thirty Meter
Telescope (TMT), a giant observatory that promises to revolutionize humanity’s
view of the cosmos.
At issue is the TMT’s planned location on Mauna Kea, a dormant volcano
worshiped by some Hawaiians as the piko, that connects the Hawaiian Islands to
the heavens. But Mauna Kea is also home to some of the world’s most powerful
telescopes. Rested in the Pacific Ocean, Mauna Kea’s peak rises above the bulk of
our planet’s dense atmosphere, where conditions allow telescopes to obtain
images of unsurpassed clarity.
Opposition to telescopes on Mauna Kea is nothing new. A small but vocal
group of Hawaiians and environmentalists have long viewed their presence as
disrespect for sacred land and a painful reminder of the occupation of what was
once a sovereign nation.
Some blame for the current controversy belongs to astronomers. In their
eagerness to build bigger telescopes, they forgot that science is not the only way
of understanding the world. They did not always prioritize the protection of
Mauna Kea’s fragile ecosystems or its holiness to the island’s inhabitants. Hawaiian
culture is not a relic of the past; it is a living culture undergoing a renaissance today.
Yet science has a cultural history, too, with roots going back to the dawn of
civilization. The same curiosity to find what lies beyond the horizon that first
brought early Polynesians to Hawaii’s shores inspires astronomers today to
explore the heavens. Calls to disassemble all telescopes on Mauna Kea or to ban
future development there ignore the reality that astronomy and Hawaiian culture
both seek to answer big questions about who we are, where we come from and
where we are going. Perhaps that is why we explore the starry skies, as if
answering a primal calling to know ourselves and our true ancestral homes.
The astronomy community is making compromises to change its use of
Mauna Kea. The TMT site was chosen to minimize the telescope’s visibility
around the island and to avoid archaeological and environmental impact. To limit
the number of telescopes on Mauna Kea, old ones will be removed at the end of their
lifetimes and their sites returned to a natural state. There is no reason why everyone
cannot be welcomed on Mauna Kea to embrace their cultural heritage and to study
the stars.
5
pastpapers.cn
26.Queen Liliuokalani’s remark in Paragraph 1 indicates
[A] her conservative view on the historical role of astronomy.
[B] the importance of astronomy in ancient Hawaiian society.
[C] the regrettable decline of astronomy in ancient times.
[D] her appreciation of star watchers’ feats in her time.
27.Mauna Kea is deemed as an ideal astronomical site due to
[A] its geographical features.
[B] its protective surroundings.
[C] its religious implications.
[D] its existing infrastructure.
28.The construction of the TMT is opposed by some locals partly because
[A] it may risk ruining their intellectual life.
[B] it reminds them of a humiliating history.
[C] their culture will lose a chance of revival.
[D] they fear losing control of Mauna Kea.
29.It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that progress in today’s astronomy
[A] is fulfilling the dreams of ancient Hawaiians.
[B] helps spread Hawaiian culture across the world.
[C] may uncover the origin of Hawaiian culture.
[D] will eventually soften Hawaiians’ hostility.
30.The author’s attitude toward choosing Mauna Kea as the TMT site is one of
[A] severe criticism.
[B] passive acceptance.
[C] slight hesitancy.
[D] full approval.
6
pastpapers.cn
Text 3
Robert F. Kennedy once said that a country’s GDP measures “everything
except that which makes life worthwhile.” With Britain voting to leave the
European Union, and GDP already predicted to slow as a result, it is now a timely
moment to assess what he was referring to.
The question of GDP and its usefulness has annoyed policymakers for over
half a century. Many argue that it is a flawed concept. It measures things that do
not matter and misses things that do. By most recent measures, the UK’s GDP has
been the envy of the Western world, with record low unemployment and high
growth figures. If everything was going so well, then why did over 17 million
people vote for Brexit, despite the warnings about what it could do to their
country’s economic prospects?
A recent annual study of countries and their ability to convert growth into
well-being sheds some light on that question. Across the 163 countries
measured, the UK is one of the poorest performers in ensuring that economic growth
is translated into meaningful improvements for its citizens. Rather than just
focusing on GDP, over 40 different sets of criteria from health, education and civil
society engagement have been measured to get a more rounded assessment of
how countries are performing.
While all of these countries face their own challenges, there are a number of
consistent themes. Yes, there has been a budding economic recovery since the 2008
global crash, but in key indicators in areas such as health and education, major
economies have continued to decline. Yet this isn’t the case with all countries. Some
relatively poor European countries have seen huge improvements across measures
including civil society, income equality and the environment.
This is a lesson that rich countries can learn: When GDP is no longer
regarded as the sole measure of a country’s success, the world looks very different.
So, what Kennedy was referring to was that while GDP has been the most
common method for measuring the economic activity of nations, as a measure, it
is no longer enough. It does not include important factors such as environmental
quality or education outcomes – all things that contribute to a person’s sense of
well-being.
The sharp hit to growth predicted around the world and in the UK could lead
to a decline in the everyday services we depend on for our well-being and for
growth. But policymakers who refocus efforts on improving well-being rather
than simply worrying about GDP figures could avoid the forecasted doom and
may even see progress.
7
pastpapers.cn
31.Robert F. Kennedy is cited because he
[A] praised the UK for its GDP.
[B] identified GDP with happiness.
[C] misinterpreted the role of GDP.
[D] had a low opinion of GDP.
32.It can be inferred from Paragraph 2 that
[A] the UK is reluctant to remold its economic pattern.
[B] GDP as the measure of success is widely defied in the UK.
[C] the UK will contribute less to the world economy.
[D] policymakers in the UK are paying less attention to GDP.
33.Which of the following is true about the recent annual study?
[A] It is sponsored by 163 countries.
[B] It excludes GDP as an indicator.
[C] Its criteria are questionable.
[D] Its results are enlightening.
34.In the last two paragraphs, the author suggests that
[A] the UK is preparing for an economic boom.
[B] high GDP foreshadows an economic decline.
[C] it is essential to consider factors beyond GDP.
[D] it requires caution to handle economic issues.
35.Which of the following is the best title for the text?
[A] High GDP But Inadequate Well-being, a UK Lesson
[B] GDP Figures, a Window on Global Economic Health
[C] Robert F. Kennedy, a Terminator of GDP
[D] Brexit, the UK’s Gateway to Well-being
8
pastpapers.cn
Text 4
In a rare unanimous ruling, the US Supreme Court has overturned the
corruption conviction of a former Virginia governor, Robert McDonnell. But it did
so while holding its nose at the ethics of his conduct , which included accepting
gifts such as a Rolex watch and a Ferrari automobile from a company seeking
access to government.
The high court’s decision said the judge in Mr. McDonnell’s trial failed to tell
a jury that it must look only at his “official acts,” or the former governor’s decisions
on “specific” and “unsettled” issues related to his duties.
Merely helping a gift-giver gain access to other officials, unless done with
clear intent to pressure those officials, is not corruption, the justices found.
The court did suggest that accepting favors in return for opening doors is
“distasteful” and “nasty.” But under anti-bribery laws, proof must be made of
concrete benefits, such as approval of a contract or regulation. Simply arranging a
meeting, making a phone call, or hosting an event is not an “official act”.
The court’s ruling is legally sound in defining a kind of favoritism that is not
criminal. Elected leaders must be allowed to help supporters deal with
bureaucratic problems without fear of prosecution for bribery. “The basic compact
underlying representative government,” wrote Chief Justice John Roberts for the
court, “assumes that public officials will hear from their constituents and act on
their concerns.”
But the ruling reinforces the need for citizens and their elected representatives,
not the courts, to ensure equality of access to government. Officials must not be
allowed to play favorites in providing information or in arranging meetings
simply because an individual or group provides a campaign donation or a personal
gift. This type of integrity requires well-enforced laws in government transparency,
such as records of official meetings, rules on lobbying, and information about
each elected leader’s source of wealth.
Favoritism in official access can fan public perceptions of corruption. But it is
not always corruption. Rather officials must avoid double standards, or different
types of access for average people and the wealthy. If connections can be
bought, a basic premise of democratic society – that all are equal in treatment by
government – is undermined. Good governance rests on an understanding of the
inherent worth of each individual.
The court’s ruling is a step forward in the struggle against both corruption and
official favoritism.
9
pastpapers.cn
36.The underlined sentence (Para.1) most probably shows that the court
[A] avoided defining the extent of McDonnell’s duties.
[B] made no compromise in convicting McDonnell.
[C] was contemptuous of McDonnell’s conduct.
[D] refused to comment on McDonnell’s ethics.
37.According to Paragraph 4, an official act is deemed corruptive only if it involves
[A] leaking secrets intentionally.
[B] sizable gains in the form of gifts.
[C] concrete returns for gift-givers.
[D] breaking contracts officially.
38.The court’s ruling is based on the assumption that public officials are
[A] justified in addressing the needs of their constituents.
[B] qualified to deal independently with bureaucratic issues.
[C] allowed to focus on the concerns of their supporters.
[D] exempt from conviction on the charge of favoritism.
39.Well-enforced laws in government transparency are needed to
[A] awaken the conscience of officials.
[B] guarantee fair play in official access.
[C] allow for certain kinds of lobbying.
[D] inspire hopes in average people.
40.The author’s attitude toward the court’s ruling is
[A] sarcastic.
[B] tolerant.
[C] skeptical.
[D] supportive.
10
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41 -45, you
are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from
the list A—G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs B and D have
been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
[A] The first published sketch, “A Dinner at Poplar Walk” brought tears to
Dickens’s eyes when he discovered it in the pages of The Monthly Magazine.
From then on his sketches, which appeared under the pen name “Boz” in The
Evening Chronicle, earned him a modest reputation.
[B] The runaway success of The Pickwick Papers, as it is generally known today,
secured Dickens’s fame. There were Pickwick coats and Pickwick cigars, and
the plump, spectacled hero, Samuel Pickwick, became a national figure.
[C] Soon after Sketches by Boz appeared, a publishing firm approached Dickens to
write a story in monthly installments, as a backdrop for a series of woodcuts
by the then-famous artist Robert Seymour, who had originated the idea for the
story. With characteristic confidence, Dickens successfully insisted that
Seymour’s pictures illustrate his own story instead. After the first installment,
Dickens wrote to the artist and asked him to correct a drawing Dickens felt
was not faithful enough to his prose. Seymour made the change, went into his
backyard, and expressed his displeasure by committing suicide. Dickens and
his publishers simply pressed on with a new artist. The comic novel, The
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, appeared serially in 1836 and 1837
and was first published in book form in 1837.
[D] Charles Dickens is probably the best-known and, to many people, the greatest
English novelist of the 19th century. A moralist, satirist, and social reformer,
Dickens crafted complex plots and striking characters that capture the panorama
of English society.
[E] Soon after his father’s release from prison, Dickens got a better job as errand
boy in law offices. He taught himself shorthand to get an even better job later as
a court stenographer and as a reporter in Parliament. At the same time, Dickens,
who had a reporter’s eye for transcribing the life around him, especially anything
comic or odd, submitted short sketches to obscure magazines.
11
pastpapers.cn
[F] Dickens was born in Portsmouth, on England’s southern coast. His father was
a clerk in the British Navy pay office – a respectable position, but with little
social status. His paternal grandparents, a steward and a housekeeper,
possessed even less status, having been servants, and Dickens later concealed
their background.Dickens’s mother supposedly came from a more respectable
family. Yet two years before Dickens’s birth, his mother’s father was caught
stealing and fled to Europe, never to return. The family’s increasing poverty
forced Dickens out of school at age 12 to work in Warren’s Blacking Warehouse,
a shoe-polish factory, where the other working boys mocked him as “the young
gentleman.” His father was then imprisoned for debt. The humiliations of his
father’s imprisonment and his labor in the blacking factory formed Dickens’s
greatest wound and became his deepest secret. He could not confide them even
to his wife, although they provide the unacknowledged foundation of his fiction.
[G] After Pickwick, Dickens plunged into a bleaker world. In Oliver Twist, he
traces an orphan’s progress from the workhouse to the criminal slums of
London. Nicholas Nickleby, his next novel, combines the darkness of Oliver
Twis t with th e sunlig ht of Pickwick. Th e popu lar ity of th ese novels
consolidated Dickens’ as a nationally and internationally celebrated man of
letters.
→ → → → → →
D 41. 42. 43. 44. B 45.
12
pastpapers.cn
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
The growth of the use of English as the world’s primary language for
international communication has obviously been continuing for several decades.
(46) But even as the number of English speakers expands further there are signs
that the global predominance of the language may fade within the foreseeable future.
Complex international, economic, technological and cultural changes could start
to diminish the leading position of English as the language of the world market, and
UK interests which enjoy advantage from the breadth of English usage would
consequently face new pressures. Those realistic possibilities are highlighted in the
study presented by David Graddol. (47) His analysis should therefore end any self-
contentedness among those who may believe that the global position of English is so
stable that the young generations of the United Kingdom do not need additional
language capabilities.
David Graddol concludes that monoglot English graduates face a bleak
economic future as qualified multilingual youngsters from other countries are proving
to have a competitive advantage over their British counterparts in global companies
and organisations. Alongside that, (48) many countries are introducing English into
the primary-school curriculum but British schoolchildren and students do not
appear to be gaining greater encouragement to achieve fluency in other languages .
If left to themselves, such trends will diminish the relative strength of the
English language in international education markets as the demand for educational
resources in languages, such as Spanish, Arabic or Mandarin grows and
international business process outsourcing in other languages such as Japanese,
French and German, spreads.
(49) The changes identified by David Graddol all present clear and major
challenges to the UK’s providers of English language teaching to people of other
countries and to broader education business sectors. The English language
teaching sector directly earns nearly ￡1.3 billion for the UK in invisible exports
and our other education related exports earn up to ￡10 billion a year more. As the
international education market expands, the recent slowdown in the numbers of
international students studying in the main English-speaking countries is likely to
continue, especially if there are no effective strategic policies to prevent such slippage.
The anticipation of possible shifts in demand provided by this study is significant:
(50) It gives a basis to all organisations which seek to promote the learning and
use of English, a basis for planning to meet the possibilities of what could be a
very different operating environment. That is a necessary and practical
approach. In this as in much else, those who wish to influence the future must
prepare for it.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
You are to write an email to James Cook, a newly-arrived Australian professor,
recommending some tourist attractions in your city. Please give reasons for your
recommendation.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the email. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following pictures. In your
essay, you should
1）describe the pictures briefly,
2）interpret the meaning, and
3）give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
信公众
“有书”与 “读书”
14
pastpapers.cn
2017年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.B 2.A 3.D 4.C 5.B 6.D 7.B 8.C 9.A 10.D
11.A 12.B 13.D 14.B 15.C 16.A 17.C 18.A 19.C 20.D
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 A C D D C Text 2 26~30 B A B A D
Text 3 31~35 D B D C A Text 4 36~40 C C A B D
Part B
41.F 42.E 43.A 44.C 45.G
Part C
46. 尽管讲英语的人数在进一步增加，但有迹象显示这一语言的全球统治地位在可
预见的未来可能会衰落。
47. 因此，他的分析会让一些人再也无法自满，这些人或许认为英语的全球地位十
分稳固，从而英国的年轻人无需额外的语言能力。
48. 许多国家都在把英语纳入小学课程，英国的大、中、小学生却似乎没有得到更
多的鼓励去熟练掌握其他语言。
49. 大卫·格拉多尔所指出的这些变化都对向其他国家的人提供英语教学的英国个人
和组织机构乃至更广泛的教育产业领域构成明确的、重大的挑战。
50. 它为旨在促进英语学习和使用的所有组织机构提供了一个基础，该基础用于规
划应对由一种或许会很不一样的运作环境所带来的各种可能。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
15
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2017年 英语二 (来源: 2017-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2017 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn1
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
People have speculated for centuries about a future without work. Today is no
different, with academics, writers, and activists once again 1 that technology
is replacing human workers. Some imagine that the coming work-free world will be
defined by 2 : A few wealthy people will own all the capital, and the masses
willstruggleinanimpoverishedwasteland.
A different and not mutually exclusive 3 holds that the future will be a
wasteland of a different sort, one 4 by purposelessness: Without jobs to give
their lives 5 , people will simply become lazy and depressed. 6 , today’s
unemployed don’t seem to be having a great time. One Gallup poll found that 20
percent of Americans who have been unemployed for at least a year report having
depression, double the rate for 7 Americans. Also, some research suggests
that the 8 for rising rates of mortality, mental-health problems, and addiction
9 poorly-educated,middle-aged peopleisa shortageofwell-paidjobs.Perhaps
thisiswhymany 10 theagonizingdullnessofajoblessfuture.
But it doesn’t 11 follow from findings like these that a world without
work would be filled with unease. Such visions are based on the 12 of being
unemployed in a society built on the concept of employment. In the 13 of
work, a society designed with other ends in mind could 14 strikingly different
circumstances for the future of labor and leisure. Today,the 15 of work may
be a bit overblown. “Many jobs are boring, degrading, unhealthy, and a waste of
human potential,” says John Danaher, a lecturer at the National University of
IrelandinGalway.
These days, because leisure timeis relatively 16 for most workers,
peopleusetheirfreetimetocounterbalancetheintellectualandemotional 17
oftheirjobs.“WhenIcome homefrom a hardday’s work,Ioften feel 18 ,”
Danahersays,adding, “In aworldinwhichIdon’thavetowork,Imightfeelrather
different”– perhaps differentenough to throw himself 19 a hobby or a
passionprojectwiththeintensityusuallyreservedfor 20 matters.
2
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]boasting [B]denying [C]warning [D]ensuring
2.[A]inequality [B]instability [C]unreliability [D]uncertainty
3.[A]policy [B]guideline [C]resolution [D]prediction
4.[A]characterized [B]divided [C]balanced [D]measured
5.[A]wisdom [B]meaning [C]glory [D]freedom
6.[A]Instead [B]Indeed [C]Thus [D]Nevertheless
7.[A]rich [B]urban [C]working [D]educated
8.[A]explanation [B]requirement [C]compensation [D]substitute
9.[A]under [B]beyond [C]alongside [D]among
10.[A]leavebehind [B]makeup [C]worryabout [D]setaside
11.[A]statistically [B]occasionally [C]necessarily [D]economically
12.[A]chances [B]downsides [C]benefits [D]principles
13.[A]absence [B]height [C]face [D]course
14.[A]disturb [B]restore [C]exclude [D]yield
15.[A]model [B]practice [C]virtue [D]hardship
16.[A]tricky [B]lengthy [C]mysterious [D]scarce
17.[A]demands [B]standards [C]qualities [D]threats
18.[A]ignored [B]tired [C]confused [D]starved
19.[A]off [B]against [C]behind [D]into
20.[A]technological [B]professional [C]educational [D]interpersonal
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,
B,CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
3
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Every Saturday morning, at 9 am, more than 50,000 runners set off to run 5km
around their local park. The Parkrun phenomenon began with a dozen friends and
has inspired 400 events in the UK and more abroad. Events are free, staffed by
thousands of volunteers. Runners range from four years old to grandparents; their
times range from Andrew Baddeley’s world record 13 minutes 48 seconds up to an
hour.
Parkrun is succeeding where London’s Olympic “legacy” is failing. Ten years
ago on Monday, it wasannounced thatthe Gamesof the30thOlympiad would bein
London. Planning documents pledged that the great legacy of the Games would be
to lever a nation of sport lovers away from their couches. The population would be
fitter, healthier and produce more winners. It has not happened. The number of
adults doing weekly sport did rise, by nearly 2 million in the run-up to 2012 – but
the general population was growing faster. Worse,the numbers are now falling at an
accelerating rate. The opposition claims primary school pupils doing at least two
hours of sport a week have nearly halved. Obesity has risen among adults and
children. Officialretrospectionscontinueasto why London 2012failed to“inspirea
generation.”ThesuccessofParkrunoffersanswers.
Parkun is not a race but a time trial: Your only competitor is the clock. The
ethos welcomes anybody. There is as much joy over a puffed-out first-timer being
clapped over the line as there is about top talent shining. The Olympic bidders, by
contrast, wanted to get more people doing sport and to produce more elite athletes.
Thedual aim was mixed up: The stress on success over taking part was intimidating
fornewcomers.
Indeed, there is something a little absurd in the state getting involved in the
planning of such a fundamentally “grassroots” concept as community sports
associations. If there is a role for government, it should really be getting involved in
providing common goods – making sure there is space for playing fields and the
money to pave tennis and netball courts, and encouraging the provision of all these
activities in schools. But successive governments have presided over selling green
spaces, squeezing money from local authorities and declining attention on sport in
education. Instead of wordy, worthy strategies, future governments need to do more
toprovidetheconditionsfor sporttothrive.Or atleastnotmakethemworse.
4
pastpapers.cn
21.AccordingtoParagraph1,Parkrunhas .
[A] gainedgreatpopularity
[B] createdmanyjobs
[C] strengthenedcommunityties
[D] becomeanofficialfestival
22.TheauthorbelievesthatLondon’sOlympic“legacy”hasfailedto .
[A] boostpopulationgrowth
[B] promotesportparticipation
[C] improvethecity’simage
[D] increasesporthoursinschools
23.Parkrunisdifferentfrom Olympicgamesinthatit .
[A] aimsatdiscoveringtalents
[B] focusesonmasscompetition
[C] doesnotemphasizeelitism
[D] doesnotattractfirst-timers
24.Withregardtomasssports,theauthorholdsthatgovernmentsshould .
[A] organize“grassroots”sportsevents
[B] superviselocalsportsassociations
[C] increasefundsfor sportsclubs
[D] investinpublicsportsfacilities
25.Theauthor’sattitudetowhatUKgovernmentshavedoneforsportsis .
[A] tolerant
[B] critical
[C] uncertain
[D] sympathetic
5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
With so much focus on children’s use of screens, it’s easy for parents to forget
about their own screen use. “Tech is designed to really suck you in,” says Jenny
Radesky in her study of digital play, “and digital products are there to promote
maximal engagement. It makes it hard to disengage, and leads to a lot of bleed-over
intothefamilyroutine.”
Radesky has studied the use of mobile phones and tablets at mealtimes by
giving mother-child pairs a food-testing exercise. She found that mothers who used
devices during the exercise started 20 per cent fewer verbal and 39 per cent fewer
nonverbal interactions with their children. During a separate observation, she saw
that phones became a source of tension in the family. Parents would be looking at
theiremailswhilethechildrenwouldbemakingexcitedbidsfortheirattention.
Infants are wired to look at parents’ faces to try to understand their world, and
if those faces are blank and unresponsive – as they often are when absorbed in a
device – it can be extremely disconcerting for the children. Radesky cites the “still
face experiment” devised by developmental psychologist Ed Tronick in the 1970s.
In it, amother isaskedto interact withherchild ina normalway before putting on a
blank expression and not giving them any visual social feedback: The child
becomes increasingly distressed as she tries to capture her mother’s attention.
“Parents don’t have to be exquisitely present at all times, but there needs to be a
balance and parents need to be responsive and sensitive to a child’s verbal or
nonverbalexpressionsofanemotionalneed,”saysRadesky.
On the other hand, Tronick himself is concerned that the worries about kids’
use of screens are born out of an “oppressive ideology that demands that parents
should always be interacting” with their children: “It’s based on a somewhat
fantasised, very white, very upper-middle-class ideology that says if you’re failing
to expose your child to 30,000 words you are neglecting them.” Tronick believes
that just because a child isn’t learning from the screen doesn’t mean there’sno value
to it – particularly if it gives parents time to have a shower, do housework or simply
have a break from their child. Parents, he says, can get a lot out of using their
devices to speak to a friend or get some work out of the way. This can make them
feelhappier,whichletsthembemoreavailabletotheirchildtherestofthetime.
6
pastpapers.cn
26.AccordingtoJennyRadesky, digitalproductsaredesignedto .
[A] simplifyroutinematters
[B] absorbuserattention
[C] betterinterpersonalrelations
[D] increaseworkefficiency
27.Radesky’sfood-testingexerciseshowsthatmothers’useofdevices .
[A] takesawaybabies’appetite
[B] distractschildren’sattention
[C] slowsdownbabies’verbaldevelopment
[D] reducesmother-childcommunication
28.Radeskycitesthe“stillfaceexperiment”toshowthat .
[A] itiseasyfor childrentogetusedtoblankexpressions
[B] verbalexpressionsareunnecessaryfor emotionalexchange
[C] childrenareinsensitivetochangesintheirparents’mood
[D] parentsneedtorespondtochildren’semotionalneeds
29.TheoppressiveideologymentionedbyTronickrequiresparentsto .
[A] protectkidsfromexposuretowildfantasies
[B] teachtheirkidsatleast30,000wordsayear
[C] ensureconstantinteractionwiththeirchildren
[D] remainconcernedaboutkids’useofscreens
30.AccordingtoTronick,kids’useofscreensmay .
[A] givetheirparentssomefreetime
[B] maketheirparentsmorecreative
[C] helpthemwiththeirhomework
[D] helpthembecomemoreattentive
7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
Today, widespread social pressure to immediately go to college in conjunction
with increasingly high expectations in a fast-moving world often causes students to
completely overlook the possibility of taking a gap year. After all, if everyone you
knowis going to college in the fall, it seems silly to stay back a year, doesn’t it? And
after going to school for 12 years, it doesn’t feel natural to spend a year doing
somethingthatisn’tacademic.
But while this may be true, it’snot a good enough reason to condemn gap years.
There’s always a constant fear of falling behind everyone else on the socially
perpetuated “race to the finish line,” whether that be toward graduate school,
medical school or a lucrative career. But despite common misconceptions, a gap year
doesnothinderthesuccessofacademicpursuits–infact,itprobablyenhancesit.
Studies from the United States and Australia show that students who take a gap
year are generally better prepared for and perform better in college than those
who do not. Rather than pulling students back, a gap year pushes them ahead by
preparing them for independence,new responsibilities andenvironmental changes
– all things that first-year students often struggle with the most. Gap year
experiences can lessen the blow when it comes to adjusting to college and being
thrown into a brand new environment, making it easier to focus on academics and
activitiesratherthanacclimationblunders.
If you’re not convinced of the inherent value in taking a year off to explore
interests, then consider its financial impact on future academic choices. According to
theNationalCenterfor EducationStatistics, nearly80 percentof collegestudentsend
up changing their majors at least once. This isn’t surprising, considering the basic
mandatory high school curriculum leaves students with a poor understanding of the
vast academic possibilities that await them in college. Many students find themselves
listing one major on their college applications, but switching to another after taking
college classes. It’snotnecessarily abad thing, butdependingon theschool,it can be
costly to make up credits after switching too late in the game. At Boston College, for
example,you would have to completeanextra year wereyou to switchto thenursing
school from another department. Taking a gap year to figure things out initially can
helppreventstressandsavemoneylateron.
8
pastpapers.cn
31.Oneofthereasonsfor high-schoolgraduatesnottakingagapyearisthat .
[A] theythinkitacademicallymisleading
[B] theyhavealotoffun toexpectincollege
[C] itfeelsstrangetododifferentlyfromothers
[D] itseemsworthlesstotakeoff-campuscourses
32.Studiesfrom theUSandAustraliaimplythattakingagapyearhelps .
[A] keepstudentsfrombeingunrealistic
[B] lowerrisksinchoosingcareers
[C] easefreshmen’sfinancialburdens
[D] relievefreshmenofpressures
33.Theword“acclimation”(Para.3)isclosestinmeaningto .
[A] adaptation
[B] application
[C] motivation
[D] competition
34.Agapyearmaysavemoneyfor studentsbyhelpingthem .
[A] avoidacademicfailures
[B] establishlong-termgoals
[C] switchtoanothercollege
[D] decideontherightmajor
35.Themostsuitabletitlefor thistextwouldbe .
[A] InFavor oftheGapYear
[B]TheABCsoftheGapYear
[C]TheGapYearComesBack
[D]TheGapYear:ADilemma
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Though often viewed as a problem for western states, the growing frequency of
wildfires is a national concern because of its impact on federal tax dollars, says
Professor MaxMoritz,aspecialistinfireecologyandmanagement.
In 2015, the US Forest Service for the first time spent more than half of its $5.5
billion annual budget fighting fires – nearly double the percentage it spent on such
efforts 20 years ago. In effect, fewer federal funds today are going towards the
agency’sotherwork –suchasforest conservation,watershedand cultural resources
management,andinfrastructureupkeep–thataffectthelivesofallAmericans.
Another nationwide concern is whether public funds from other agencies are
going into construction in fire-prone districts. As Moritz puts it, how often are
federaldollarsbuildinghomesthatarelikelytobelosttoawildfire?
“It’s already a huge problem from a public expenditure perspective for the
whole country,” he says. “Weneed to take a magnifying glass to that. Like, ‘Waita
minute, is this OK?’ Do we want instead to redirect those funds to concentrate on
lower-hazardpartsofthelandscape?”
Such a view would require a corresponding shift in the way US society today
viewsfire,researcherssay.
For one thing, conversations about wildfires need to be more inclusive. Over
the past decade, the focus has been on climate change – how the warming of the
Earthfromgreenhousegasesisleadingtoconditionsthatworsenfires.
While climate is a key element, Moritz says, it shouldn’t come at the expense
oftherestoftheequation.
“The human systems and the landscapes we live on are linked, and the
interactions go both ways,” he says. Failing to recognize that, he notes, leads to “an
overly simplified view of what the solutions might be. Our perception of the
problemandofwhatthesolutionisbecomesverylimited.”
At the same time, people continue to treat fire as an event that needs to be
wholly controlled and unleashed only out of necessity, says Professor Balch at the
University of Colorado. But acknowledging fire’s inevitable presence in human life
is an attitude crucial to developing the laws, policies, and practices that make it as
safeaspossible,shesays.
“We’ve disconnected ourselves from living with fire,” Balch says. “It is really
important to understand and try and tease out what is the human connection with
firetoday.”
10
pastpapers.cn
36.Morefrequentwildfireshavebecomeanationalconcernbecausein2015they .
[A] exhaustedunprecedentedmanagementefforts
[B] consumedarecord-high percentageofbudget
[C] severelydamagedtheecology ofwesternstates
[D] causedahugeriseofinfrastructureexpenditure
37.Moritzcallsfor theuseof“amagnifyingglass”to .
[A] raisemorefundsfor fire-proneareas
[B] avoidtheredirectionoffederalmoney
[C] findwildfire-freepartsofthelandscape
[D] guaranteesaferspendingofpublicfunds
38.Whileadmittingthatclimateisakeyelement,Moritznotesthat .
[A] publicdebateshavenotsettledyet
[B] fire-fightingconditionsareimproving
[C] otherfactorsshouldnotbeoverlooked
[D] ashiftintheviewoffirehastakenplace
39.TheoverlysimplifiedviewMoritzmentionsisaresultoffailingto .
[A] discoverthefundamentalmakeupofnature
[B] explorethemechanismofthehumansystems
[C] maximizetheroleoflandscapeinhumanlife
[D] understandtheinterrelationsofmanandnature
40.ProfessorBalchpointsoutthatfireissomethingmanshould .
[A] doawaywith
[B] cometotermswith
[C] payapricefor
[D] keepawayfrom
11
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Readthefollowingtext andmatcheachofthe numbered items in the left column to
its corresponding information in the right column. There are two extra choices in
therightcolumn.Markyour answersontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
The decline in American manufacturing is a common refrain, particularly from
Donald Trump. “We don’t make anything anymore,” he told Fox News, while
defendinghisownmade-in-Mexicoclothingline.
Without question, manufacturing has taken a significant hit during recent
decades, and further trade deals raise questions about whether new shocks could hit
manufacturing.
Butthereisalsoadifferentwaytolookatthedata.
Across the country, factory owners are now grappling with a new challenge:
Instead of having too many workers, they may end up with too few. Despite trade
competition and outsourcing, American manufacturing still needs to replace tens of
thousands of retiring boomers every year. Millennials may not be that interested in
takingtheirplace.Otherindustriesarerecruitingthemwithsimilarorbetterpay.
For factory owners, it alladds up to stiff competition for workers– and upward
pressure on wages. “They’re harder to find and they have job offers,” says Jay
Dunwell, president of Wolverine Coil Spring, a family-owned firm, “They may be
coming [into the workforce], but they’ve been plucked by other industries that are
also doing as well as manufacturing.” Mr. Dunwell has begun bringing high school
juniorstothefactorysotheycangetexposedtoitsculture.
At RoMan Manufacturing, a maker of electrical transformers and welding
equipment that his father cofounded in 1980, Robert Roth keeps a close eye on the
age of his nearly 200 workers. Five are retiring this year. Mr. Roth has three
community-college students enrolled in a work-placement program, with a starting
wageof$13anhourthatrisesto$17aftertwoyears.
At a worktable inside the transformer plant, young Jason Stenquist looks
flustered by the copper coils he’s trying to assemble and the arrival of two visitors.
It’s his first week on the job. Asked about his choice of career, he says at high
school he considered medical school before switching to electrical engineering. “I
loveworkingwithtools.Ilovecreating,”hesays.
But to win over these young workers, manufacturers have to clear another
12
pastpapers.cn
major hurdle: parents, who lived through the worst US economic downturn since
the Great Depression, telling them to avoid the factory. Millennials “remember their
father and mother both were laid off. They blame it on the manufacturing
recession,” says Birgit Klohs, chief executive of The Right Place, a business
developmentagencyforwesternMichigan.
These concerns aren’t misplaced: Employment in manufacturing has fallen
from 17 million in 1970 to 12 million in 2015. When the recovery began, worker
shortages first appeared in the high-skilled trades. Now shortages are appearing at
themid-skilllevels.
“The gap is between the jobs that take no skills and those that require a lot of
skill,” says Rob Spohr, a business professor at Montcalm Community College.
“There’re enough people to fill the jobs at McDonalds and other places where you
don’tneedtohavemuchskill.It’sthatgap inbetween,andthat’swheretheproblem
is.”
Julie Parks of Grand Rapids Community College points to another key to
luring Millennials into manufacturing: a work/life balance. While their parents were
content to work long hours, young people value flexibility. “Overtime is not
attractivetothisgeneration.Theyreallywanttolivetheirlives,”shesays.
[A]saysthatheswitchedtoelectricalengineeringbecausehe
lovesworkingwithtools.
41.JayDunwell [B]pointsoutthatthereareenoughpeopletofillthejobsthat
don’tneedmuchskill.
42.JasonStenquist [C]pointsoutthattheUSdoesn’tmanufactureanything
anymore.
43.BirgitKlohs [D]believesthatitisimportanttokeepacloseeyeontheageof
hisworkers.
44.RobSpohr [E]saysthatforfactoryowners,workersarehardertofind
becauseofstiff competition.
45.JulieParks [F]pointsoutthatawork/lifebalancecan attract young
peopleintomanufacturing.
[G]saysthatthemanufacturingrecessionistoblameforthe
lay-offoftheyoung people’sparents.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46.Directions
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
My dream has always been to work somewhere in an area between fashion and
publishing. Two years before graduating from secondary school, I took a sewing
and design course thinking that I would move on to a fashion design course.
However, during that course I realized I was not good enough in this area to
compete with other creative personalities in the future, so I decided that it was not
the right path for me. Before applying for university I told everyone that I would
study journalism, because writing was, and still is, one of my favourite activities.
But, to be honest, I said it, because I thought that fashion and metogether was just a
dream – I knew that no one could imagine me in the fashion industry at all! So I
decided to look for some fashion-related courses that included writing. This is when
Inoticedthecourse“FashionMedia&Promotion.”
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Supposeyou areinvitedbyProfessorWilliamstogiveapresentationabout
Chineseculturetoagroup ofinternationalstudents.Writeareplyto
1) accepttheinvitation,and
2) introducethekeypointsofyourpresentation.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownname.Use“LiMing”instead.
Donotwriteyouraddress. (10points)
14
pastpapers.cn
PartB
48.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.In your writing, youshould
1) interpretthechart,and
2) giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
15
pastpapers.cn
2017年考研英语二真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.C 2.A 3.D 4.A 5.B 6.B 7.C 8.A 9.D 10.C
11.C 12.B 13.A 14.D 15.C 16.D 17.A 18.B 19.D 20.B
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 AB C DB Text2 26~30 B DDC A
Text3 31~35 C DAD A Text4 36~40 B DCD B
PartB
41.E 42.A 43.G 44.B 45.F
PartC
46.
我的梦想一直是在时尚和出版之间的领域工作。中学毕业前两年，我选了一
门缝纫与设计课，心想以后会接着修一门时装设计课。然而，在学习那门课程期
间，我意识到自己在这个领域不够出色，日后不足以与其他有创造力的人士竞争，
因此我认定，这条路不适合我。申请上大学之前，我跟所有人说我要学新闻，因
为写作曾经是——现在依然是——我最喜欢的活动之一。可是，说实话，当时我
那么说是因为我觉得时尚和我结缘仅仅是个梦——我知道，别人根本无法想象我
能进入时尚行业！于是，我决定找些含有写作的与时尚相关的课程。就在这个时
候，我注意到了“时尚传媒与推广”这门课。
SectionIII Writing
47、48见解析
16
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2016年 英语一 (来源: 2016-1.pdf)
·
绝密★启用前
2016 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
1
pastpapers.cn
·
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
In Cambodia, the choice of a spouse is a complex one for the young male. It may
involve not only his parents and his friends, 1 those of the young woman,
but also a matchmaker. A young man can 2 a likely spouse on his own and
then ask his parents to 3 the marriage negotiations, or the young man’s
parents may make the choice of a spouse, giving the child little to say in the
selection. 4 , a girl may veto the spouse her parents have chosen. 5 a
spouse has been selected, each family investigates the other to make sure its child is
marrying 6 a good family.
The traditional wedding is a long and colorful affair. Formerly it lasted three
days, 7 by the 1980s it more commonly lasted a day and a half. Buddhist
priests offer a short sermon and 8 prayers of blessing. Parts of the ceremony
involve ritual hair cutting, 9 cotton threads soaked in holy water around
the bride’s and groom’s wrists, and 10 a candle around a circle of happily
married and respected couples to bless the 11 . Newlyweds traditionally move
in with the wife’s parents and may 12 with them up to a year, 13 they
can build a new house nearby.
Divorce is legal and easy to 14 , but not common. Divorced persons are
15 with some disapproval. Each spouse retains 16 property he or she
G 17 into the marriage, and jointly-acquired property is 18 equally.
Divorced persons may remarry, but a gender prejudice 19 up: The divorced
male doesn’t have a waiting period before he can remarry 20 the woman
must wait ten months.
2
pastpapers.cn
·
1.[A] as well as [B] by way of [C] on behalf of [D] with regard to
2.[A] adapt to [B] provide for [C] compete with [D] decide on
3.[A] renew [B] close [C] arrange [D] postpone
4.[A] In theory [B] In time [C] Above all [D] For example
5. [A] Although [B] Lest [C] After [D] Unless
6. [A] within [B] into [C] from [D] through
7. [A] since [B] or [C] so [D] but
8. [A] test [B] recite [C] copy [D] create
9. [A] folding [B] piling [C] wrapping [D] tying
10. [A] passing [B] lighting [C] hiding [D] serving
11. [A] association [B] meeting [C] collection [D] union
12. [A] grow [B] part [C] live [D] deal
13. [A] whereas [B] until [C] for [D] if
14. [A] follow [B] obtain [C] challenge [D] avoid
15. [A] isolated [B] persuaded [C] viewed [D] exposed
16. [A] whatever [B] however [C] whenever [D] wherever
17. [A] changed [B] brought [C] shaped [D] pushed
18. [A] withdrawn [B] invested [C] donated [D] divided
19. [A] clears [B] shows [C] warms [D] breaks
20. [A] while [B] once [C] so that [D] in that
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing
A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
3
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 1
France, which prides itself as the global innovator of fashion, has decided its
fashion industry has lost an absolute right to define physical beauty for women. Its
lawmakers gave preliminary approval last week to a law that would make it a crime
to employ ultra-thin models on runways. The parliament also agreed to ban websites
that “incite excessive thinness” by promoting extreme dieting.
Such measures have a couple of uplifting motives. They suggest beauty
should not be defined by looks that end up impinging on health. That’s a start. And
the ban on ultra-thin models seems to go beyond protecting models from starving
themselves to death – as some have done. It tells the fashion industry that it must
take responsibility for the signal it sends women, especially teenage girls, about the
social tape-measure they must use to determine their individual worth.
The bans, if fully enforced, would suggest to women (and many men) that
they should not let others be arbiters of their beauty. And perhaps faintly, they hint
that people should look to intangible qualities like character and intellect rather
than dieting their way to size zero or wasp-waist physiques.
The French measures, however, rely too much on severe punishment to
change a culture that still regards beauty as skin-deep – and bone-showing. Under
the law, using a fashion model that does not meet a government-defined index of
body mass could result in a $85,000 fine and six months in prison.
The fashion industry knows it has an inherent problem in focusing on material
adornment and idealized body types. In Denmark, the United States, and a few
other countries, it is trying to set voluntary standards for models and fashion images
that rely more on peer pressure for enforcement.
In contrast to France’s actions, Denmark’s fashion industry agreed last month
on rules and sanctions regarding the age, health, and other characteristics of
models. The newly revised Danish Fashion Ethical Charter clearly states: “We are
aware of and take responsibility for the impact the fashion industry has on body
ideals, especially on young people.” The charter’s main tool of enforcement is to
deny access for designers and modeling agencies to Copenhagen Fashion Week
(CFW), which is run by the Danish Fashion Institute. But in general it relies on a
name-and-shame method of compliance.
Relying on ethical persuasion rather than law to address the misuse of body
ideals may be the best step. Even better would be to help elevate notions of beauty
beyond the material standards of a particular industry.
4
pastpapers.cn
·
21. According to the first paragraph, what would happen in France?
[A]Physical beauty would be redefined.
[B]New runways would be constructed.
[C]Websites about dieting would thrive.
[D]The fashion industry would decline.
22. The phrase “impinging on” (Line 2, Para. 2) is closest in meaning to
[A]indicating the state of.
[B]heightening the value of.
[C]losing faith in.
[D]doing harm to.
23. Which of the following is true of the fashion industry?
[A]The French measures have already failed.
[B]Its inherent problems are getting worse.
[C]Models are no longer under peer pressure.
[D]New standards are being set in Denmark.
24. A designer is most likely to be rejected by CFW for
[A]pursuing perfect physical conditions.
[B]caring too much about models’ character.
[C]showing little concern for health factors.
[D]setting a high age threshold for models.
25. Which of the following may be the best title of the text?
[A]The Great Threats to the Fashion Industry
[B]Just Another Round of Struggle for Beauty
[C]A Dilemma for the Starving Models in France
[D]A Challenge to the Fashion Industry’s Body Ideals
5
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 2
For the first time in history more people live in towns than in the country. In
Britain this has had a curious result.While polls show Britons rate “the countryside”
alongside the royal family, Shakespeare and the National Health Service (NHS) as
what makes them proudest of their country, this has limited political support.
A century ago Octavia Hill launched the National Trust not to rescue stylish
houses but to save “the beauty of natural places for everyone forever.” It was
specifically to provide city dwellers with spaces for leisure where they could
experience “a refreshing air.” Hill’s pressure later led to the creation of national
parks and green belts. They don’t make countryside any more, and every year
concrete consumes more of it. It needs constant guardianship.
At the next election none of the big parties seem likely to endorse this
sentiment. The Conservatives’ planning reform explicitly gives rural development
priority over conservation, even authorising “off-plan” building where local
people might object. The concept of sustainable development has been defined as
profitable. Labour likewise wants to discontinue local planning where councils
oppose development. The Liberal Democrats are silent. Only Ukip, sensing its
chance, has sided with those pleading for a more considered approach to using
green land. Its Campaign to Protect Rural England struck terror into many local
Conservative parties.
The sensible place to build new houses, factories and offices is where
people are, in cities and towns where infrastructure is in place. The London agents
Stirling Ackroyd recently identified enough sites for half a million houses in the
London area alone, with no intrusion on green belt. What is true of London is even
truer of the provinces.
The idea that “housing crisis” equals “concreted meadows” is pure lobby talk.
The issue is not the need for more houses but, as always, where to put them. Under
lobby pressure, George Osborne favours rural new-build against urban renovation
and renewal. He favours out-of-town shopping sites against high streets. This is
not a free market but a biased one. Rural towns and villages have grown and will
always grow. They do so best where building sticks to their edges and respects
their character. We do not ruin urban conservation areas. Why ruin rural ones?
Development should be planned, not let rip. After the Netherlands, Britain is
Europe’s most crowded country. Half a century of town and country planning has
enabled it to retain an enviable rural coherence, while still permitting low-density
urban living. There is no doubt of the alternative – the corrupted landscapes of
southern Portugal, Spain or Ireland. Avoiding this rather than promoting it should
unite the left and right of the political spectrum.
6
pastpapers.cn
·
26. Britain’s public sentiment about the countryside
[A]is not well reflected in politics.
[B]is fully backed by the royal family.
[C]didn’t start till the Shakespearean age.
[D]has brought much benefit to the NHS.
27. According to Paragraph 2, the achievements of the National Trust are now being
[A]largely overshadowed.
[B]properly protected.
[C]effectively reinforced.
[D]gradually destroyed.
28. Which of the following can be inferred from Paragraph 3?
[A]Labour is under attack for opposing development.
[B]The Conservatives may abandon “off-plan” building.
[C]Ukip may gain from its support for rural conservation.
[D]The Liberal Democrats are losing political influence.
29. The author holds that George Osborne’s preference
[A]shows his disregard for the character of rural areas.
[B]stresses the necessity of easing the housing crisis.
[C]highlights his firm stand against lobby pressure.
[D]reveals a strong prejudice against urban areas.
30. In the last paragraph, the author shows his appreciation of
[A]the size of population in Britain.
[B]the enviable urban lifestyle in Britain.
[C]the town-and-country planning in Britain.
[D]the political life in today’s Britain.
7
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 3
“There is one and only one social responsibility of business,” wrote Milton
Friedman, a Nobel prize-winning economist, “That is, to use its resources and
engage in activities designed to increase its profits.” But even if you accept
Friedman’s premise and regard corporate social responsibility (CSR) policies as a
waste of shareholders’ money, things may not be absolutely clear-cut. New research
suggests that CSR may create monetary value for companies – at least when they
are prosecuted for corruption.
The largest firms in America and Britain together spend more than $15 billion
a year on CSR, according to an estimate by EPG, a consulting firm. This could
add value to their businesses in three ways. First, consumers may take CSR
spending as a “signal” that a company’s products are of high quality. Second,
customers may be willing to buy a company’s products as an indirect way to
donate to the good causes it helps. And third, through a more diffuse “halo effect,”
whereby its good deeds earn it greater consideration from consumers and others.
Previous studies on CSR have had trouble differentiating these effects because
consumers can be affected by all three. A recent study attempts to separate them
by looking at bribery prosecutions under America’s Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA). It argues that since prosecutors do not consume a company’s products as part
of their investigations, they could be influenced only by the halo effect.
The study found that, among prosecuted firms, those with the most
comprehensive CSR programmes tended to get more lenient penalties. Their
analysis ruled out the possibility that it was firms’ political influence, rather than
their CSR stand, that accounted for the leniency: Companies that contributed more
to political campaigns did not receive lower fines.
In all, the study concludes that whereas prosecutors should only evaluate a
case based on its merits, they do seem to be influenced by a company’s record in
CSR. “We estimate that either eliminating a substantial labour-rights concern,
such as child labour, or increasing corporate giving by about 20% results in fines
that generally are 40% lower than the typical punishment for bribing foreign
officials,” says one researcher.
Researchers admit that their study does not answer the question of how much
businesses ought to spend on CSR. Nor does it reveal how much companies are
banking on the halo effect, rather than the other possible benefits, when they
decide their do-gooding policies. But at least they have demonstrated that when
companies get into trouble with the law, evidence of good character can win them
a less costly punishment.
8
pastpapers.cn
·
31.The author views Milton Friedman’s statement about CSR with
[A] tolerance.
[B] skepticism.
[C] approval.
[D] uncertainty.
32.According to Paragraph 2, CSR helps a company by
[A] guarding it against malpractices.
[B] protecting it from being defamed.
[C] winning trust from consumers.
[D] raising the quality of its products.
33.The expression “more lenient” (Para.4) is closest in meaning to
[A] less controversial.
[B] more effective.
[C] more lasting.
[D] less severe.
34.When prosecutors evaluate a case, a company’s CSR record
[A] has an impact on their decision.
[B] comes across as reliable evidence.
[C] increases the chance of being penalized.
[D] constitutes part of the investigation.
35.Which of the following is true of CSR, according to the last paragraph?
[A] Its negative effects on businesses are often overlooked.
[B]The necessary amount of companies’ spending on it is unknown.
[C] Companies’ financial capacity for it has been overestimated.
[D] It has brought much benefit to the banking industry.
9
pastpapers.cn
·
Text 4
There will eventually come a day when The New York Times ceases to publish
stories on newsprint. Exactly when that day will be is a matter of debate. “Sometime
in the future,” the paper’s publisher said back in 2010.
Nostalgia for ink on paper and the rustle of pages aside, there’s plenty of
incentive to ditch print. The infrastructure required to make a physical
newspaper– printing presses, delivery trucks – isn’t just expensive; it’s excessive at a
time when online-only competitors don’t have the same set of financial constraints.
Readers are migrating away from print anyway. And though print ad sales still dwarf
their online and mobile counterparts, revenue from print is still declining.
Overhead may be high and circulation lower, but rushing to eliminate its print
edition would be a mistake, says BuzzFeed CEO Jonah Peretti.
Peretti says the Times shouldn’t waste time getting out of the print business, but
only if they go about doing it the right way. “Figuring out a way to accelerate that
transition would make sense for them,” he said, “but if you discontinue it, you’re
going to have your most loyal customers really upset with you.”
Sometimes that’s worth making a change anyway. Peretti gives the example
of Netflix discontinuing its DVD-mailing service to focus on streaming. “It was
seen as a blunder,” he said. The move turned out to be foresighted. And if Peretti
were in charge at the Times? “I wouldn’t pick a year to end print,” he said. “I
would raise prices and make it into more of a legacy product.”
The most loyal customers would still get the product they favor, the idea goes,
and they’d feel like they were helping sustain the quality of something they
believe in. “So if you’re overpaying for print, you could feel like you were helping,”
Peretti said. “Then increase it at a higher rate each year and essentially try to
generate additional revenue.” In other words, if you’re going to make a print product,
make it for the people who are already obsessed with it. Which may be what the
Times is doing already. Getting the print edition seven days a week costs nearly $500
a year – more than twice as much as a digital-only subscription.
“It’s a really hard thing to do and it’s a tremendous luxury that BuzzFeed doesn’t
have a legacy business,” Peretti remarked. “But we’re going to have questions like
that where we have things we’re doing that don’t make sense when the market
changes and the world changes. In those situations, it’s better to be more aggressive
than less aggressive.”
10
pastpapers.cn
·
36. The New York Times is considering ending its print edition partly due to
[A] the high cost of operation.
[B] the increasing online ad sales.
[C] the pressure from its investors.
[D] the complaints from its readers.
37. Peretti suggests that, in face of the present situation, the Times should
[A] end the print edition for good.
[B] make strategic adjustments.
[C] seek new sources of readership.
[D] aim for efficient management.
38. It can be inferred from Paragraphs 5 and 6 that a “legacy product”
[A] helps restore the glory of former times.
[B] is meant for the most loyal customers.
[C] will have the cost of printing reduced.
[D] expands the popularity of the paper.
39. Peretti believes that, in a changing world,
[A] traditional luxuries can stay unaffected.
[B] cautiousness facilitates problem-solving.
[C] aggressiveness better meets challenges.
[D] legacy businesses are becoming outdated.
40.Which of the following would be the best title of the text?
[A] Shift to Online Newspapers All at Once
[B] Make Your Print Newspaper a Luxury Good
[C] Keep Your Newspapers Forever in Fashion
[D] Cherish the Newspaper Still in Your Hand
11
pastpapers.cn
·
Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There are
two extra subheadings. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
[A]Create a new image of yourself
[B]Have confidence in yourself
[C]Decide if the time is right
[D]Understand the context
[E]Work with professionals
[F]Know your goals
[G]Make it efficient
No matter how formal or informal the work environment, the way you present
yourself has an impact. This is especially true in first impressions. According to
research from Princeton University, people assess your competence, trustworthiness,
and likeability in just a tenth of a second, solely based on the way you look.
The difference between today’s workplace and the “dress for success” era is
that the range of options is so much broader. Norms have evolved and fragmented.
In some settings, red sneakers or dress T-shirts can convey status; in others not so
much. Plus, whatever image we present is magnified by social-media services like
Linkedln. Chances are, your headshots are seen much more often now than a
decade or two ago. Millennials, it seems, face the paradox of being the least
formal generation yet the most conscious of style and personal branding. It can be
confusing.
So how do we navigate this? How do we know when to invest in an upgrade?
And what’s the best way to pull off one that enhances our goals? Here are some tips:
41.
As an executive coach, I’ve seen image upgrades be particularly helpful during
transitions – when looking for a new job, stepping into a new or more public role,
or changing work environments. If you’re in a period of change or just feeling stuck
and in a rut, now may be a good time. If you’re not sure, ask for honest feedback
from trusted friends, colleagues and professionals. Look for cues about how others
perceive you. Maybe there’s no need for an upgrade and that’s OK.
12
pastpapers.cn
·
42.
Get clear on what impact you’re hoping to have. Are you looking to refresh your
image or pivot it? For one person, the goal may be to be taken more seriously and
enhance their professional image. For another, it may be to be perceived as more
approachable, or more modern and stylish. For someone moving from finance to
advertising, maybe they want to look more “SoHo.” (It’s OK to use characterizations
like that.)
43.
Look at your work environment like an anthropologist. What are the norms of
your environment? What conveys status? Who are your most important audiences?
How do the people you respect and look up to present themselves? The better you
understand the cultural context, the more control you can have over your impact.
44.
Enlist the support of professionals and share with them your goals and
context. Hire a personal stylist, or use the free styling service of a store like J.Crew.
Try a hair stylist instead of a barber. Work with a professional photographer instead
of your spouse or friend. It’s not as expensive as you might think.
45.
The point of a style upgrade isn’t to become more vain or to spend more time
fussing over what to wear. Instead, use it as an opportunity to reduce decision
fatigue. Pick a standard work uniform or a few go-to options. Buy all your clothes
at once with a stylist instead of shopping alone, one article of clothing at a time.
13
pastpapers.cn
·
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
Mental health is our birthright. (46) We don’t have to learn how to be
mentally healthy; it is built into us in the same way that our bodies know how to
heal a cut or mend a broken bone. Mental health can’t be learned, only reawakened.
It is like the immune system of the body, which under stress or through lack of
nutrition or exercise can be weakened, but which never leaves us. When we don’t
understand the value of mental health and we don’t know how to gain access to it,
mental health will remain hidden from us. (47) Our mental health doesn’t really go
anywhere; like the sun behind a cloud, it can be temporarily hidden from view, but it
is fully capable of being restored in an instant.
Mental health is the seed that contains self-esteem – confidence in ourselves
and an ability to trust in our common sense. It allows us to have perspective on
our lives – the ability to not take ourselves too seriously, to laugh at ourselves, to
see the bigger picture, and to see that things will work out. It’s a form of innate or
unlearned optimism. (48) Mental health allows us to view others with sympathy if
they are having troubles, with kindness if they are in pain, and with unconditional
love no matter who they are. Mental health is the source of creativity for solving
problems, resolving conflict, making our surroundings more beautiful, managing our
home life, or coming up with a creative business idea or invention to make our lives
easier. It gives us patience for ourselves and toward others as well as patience
while driving, catching a fish, working on our car, or raising a child. It allows us to
see the beauty that surrounds us each moment in nature, in culture, in the flow of our
daily lives.
(49) Although mental health is the cure-all for living our lives, it is perfectly
ordinary as you will see that it has been there to direct you through all your
difficult decisions. It has been available even in the most mundane of life situations
to show you right from wrong, good from bad, friend from foe. Mental health has
commonly been called conscience, instinct, wisdom, common sense, or the inner
voice. We think of it simply as a healthy and helpful flow of intelligent thought. (50)
As you will come to see, knowing that mental health is always available and
knowing to trust it allow us to slow down to the moment and live life happily .
14
pastpapers.cn
·
Section III Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
Suppose you are a librarian in your university. Write a notice of about 100
words, providing the newly-enrolled international students with relevant information
about the library.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the notice. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following pictures. In your
essay, you should
l) describe the pictures briefly,
2) interpret the meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
15
pastpapers.cn
·
2016年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.A 2.D 3.C 4.A 5.C 6.B 7.D 8.B 9.D 10.A
11.D 12.C 13.B 14.B 15.C 16.A 17.B 18.D 19.B 20.A
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text1 21~25 A D D C D Text2 26~30 A D C A C
Text3 31~35 B C D A B Text4 36~40 A B B C B
Part B
41.C 42.F 43.D 44.E 45.G
Part C
46. 我们不必学习如何保持心理健康；它是我们生来就有的，正如同我们的身
体知道如何治愈伤口或修复断骨一样。
47. 心理健康并没有真的离开；宛如云朵后面的太阳，它虽然可能暂离我们的
视线，但完全能在转瞬之间重现。
48. 心理健康让我们在他人遇到困难时心怀同情。遭受苦痛时心怀善意，不论
他们是谁（我们）都会心怀无条件的爱。
49. 尽管心理健康是我们生活的万能灵药，但它又再寻常不过，因为你会发现，
它一直在那里引领你完成所有艰难的抉择。
50.你终会明白，懂得心理健康无时不在并懂得信赖它，这能让我们慢下来活在
每一刻，快乐地生活着。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
16
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2016年 英语二 (来源: 2016-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2016 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and
markA,B,CorDontheANSWERSHEET.(10points)
Happy people work differently. They’re more productive, more creative, and
willing to take greater risks. And new research suggests that happiness might
influence 1 firmswork,too.
Companies located in places with happier people invest more, according to a
recent research paper. 2 , firms in happy places spend more on R&D
(research and development). That’s because happiness is linked to the kind of
longer-termthinking 3 formakinginvestmentsforthefuture.
Theresearcherswantedtoknowifthe 4 andinclinationfor risk-taking that
come with happiness would 5 the way companies invested. So they compared
U.S. cities’ average happiness 6 by Gallup polling with the investment
activityofpubliclytradedfirmsinthoseareas.
7 enough, firms’ investment and R&D intensity were correlated with the
happinessofthe area inwhich they were 8 . But is it really happiness that’s
linked to investment, or could something else about happier cities 9 why
firms there spend more on R&D? To find out, the researchers controlled for
various 10 that might make firms more likely to invest – like size, industry,
andsales –andfor indicators thataplace was 11 to live in, like growth in
wagesorpopulation.Thelinkbetweenhappinessandinvestmentgenerally 12
evenafteraccountingfor thesethings.
The correlation between happiness and investment was particularly strong for
younger firms, which the authors 13 to “less codified decision making process”
and the possiblepresenceof “youngerand less 14 managerswho are more likely
to be influenced by sentiment.” The relationship was 15 stronger in places
where happiness was spread more 16 . Firms seem to invest more in places
wheremostpeoplearerelativelyhappy,ratherthaninplaceswithhappinessinequality.
17 this doesn’t prove that happiness causes firms to invest more or to
take a longer-term view, the authors believe it at least 18 at that possibility.
It’s not hard to imagine that local culture and sentiment would help 19 how
executives think about the future. “It surely seems plausible that happy people
would be more forward-thinking and creative and 20 R&D more than the
average,”saidone researcher.
2
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]why [B]how [C]where [D]when
2.[A]In return [B]Inparticular [C]Incontrast [D]Inconclusion
3.[A]necessary [B]famous [C]perfect [D]sufficient
4.[A]individualism [B]realism [C]optimism [D]modernism
5.[A]miss [B]echo [C]spoil [D]change
6.[A]imagined [B]measured [C]assumed [D]invented
7.[A]Sure [B]Odd [C]Unfortunate [D]Often
8.[A]divided [B]advertised [C]overtaxed [D]headquartered
9.[A]summarize [B]overstate [C]explain [D]emphasize
10.[A]factors [B]stages [C]levels [D]methods
11.[A]desirable [B]sociable [C]reliable [D]reputable
12.[A]resumed [B]emerged [C]held [D]broke
13.[A]assign [B]attribute [C]transfer [D]compare
14.[A]serious [B]civilized [C]ambitious [D]experienced
15.[A]instead [B]thus [C]also [D]never
16.[A]rapidly [B]directly [C]regularly [D]equally
17.[A]While [B]Until [C]After [D]Since
18.[A]arrives [B]jumps [C]hints [D]strikes
19.[A]share [B]rediscover [C]simplify [D]shape
20.[A]prayfor [B]leantowards [C]sendout [D]giveaway
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,
B,CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
3
pastpapers.cn
Text1
It’s true that high-school coding classes aren’t essential for learning computer
science in college. Students without experience can catch up after a few
introductory courses, said Tom Cortina, the assistant dean at Carnegie Mellon’s
SchoolofComputer Science.
However, Cortina said, early exposure is beneficial. When younger kids learn
computer science, they learn that it’s not just a confusing, endless string of letters
and numbers – but a tool to build apps, or create artwork, or test hypotheses. It’s
not as hard for them to transform their thought processes as it is for older students.
Breaking down problems into bite-sized chunks and using code to solve them
becomes normal. Giving more children this training could increase the number of
people interested inthe fieldand help fill the jobs gap, Cortina said.
Students also benefit from learning something about coding before they get to
college, where introductory computer-science classes are packed to the brim,
whichcandrivetheless-experiencedor-determinedstudentsaway.
The Flatiron School, where people pay to learn programming, started as one
of the many coding bootcamps that’s become popular for adults looking for a
career change. The high-schoolers get the same curriculum, but “we try to gear
lessons toward things they’re interested in,” said Victoria Friedman, an instructor.
For instance, one of the apps the students are developing suggests movies based
onyour mood.
The students in the Flatiron class probably won’t drop out of high school and
build the next Facebook. Programming languages have a quick turnover, so the
“Ruby on Rails” language they learned may not even be relevant by the time they
enter the job market. But the skills they learn – how to think logically through a
problem and organize the results – apply to any coding language, said Deborah
Seehorn,aneducationconsultantforthestateofNorthCarolina.
Indeed, the Flatiron students might not go into IT at all. But creating a future
army of coders is not the sole purpose of the classes. These kids are going to be
surrounded by computers – in their pockets, in their offices, in their homes – for
the rest of their lives. The younger they learn how computers think, how to coax
the machine into producing what they want – the earlier they learn that they have
thepowertodothat–the better.
4
pastpapers.cn
21.Cortinaholdsthatearlyexposuretocomputersciencemakesiteasierto .
[A] completefuturejobtraining
[B] remodelthewayofthinking
[C] formulatelogicalhypotheses
[D] perfectartworkproduction
22.Indeliveringlessonsforhigh-schoolers,Flatironhasconsideredtheir .
[A] experience
[B] interest
[C] careerprospects
[D] academicbackgrounds
23.DeborahSeehornbelievesthattheskillslearnedatFlatironwill .
[A] helpstudentslearnothercomputerlanguages
[B] havetobeupgradedwhennewtechnologiescome
[C] needimprovingwhenstudentslookforjobs
[D] enablestudentstomakebigquickmoney
24.Accordingtothelastparagraph,Flatironstudentsareexpectedto .
[A] bringforthinnovativecomputertechnologies
[B] staylongerintheinformationtechnologyindustry
[C] becomebetterpreparedfor thedigitalizedworld
[D] competewithafuturearmyofprogrammers
25.Theword“coax”(Line4,Para.6)isclosestinmeaningto .
[A] persuade
[B] frighten
[C] misguide
[D] challenge
5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Biologists estimate that as many as 2 million lesser prairie chickens – a kind
of bird living on stretching grasslands – once lent red to the often grey landscape
of the midwestern and southwestern United States. But just some 22,000 birds
remaintoday, occupyingabout16%ofthespecies’ historic range.
The crash was a major reason the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS)
decided to formally list the bird as threatened. “The lesser prairie chicken is in a
desperate situation,” said USFWS Director Daniel Ashe. Some environmentalists,
however, were disappointed. They had pushed the agency to designate the bird as
“endangered,” a status that gives federal officials greater regulatory power to
crack down on threats. But Ashe and others argued that the “threatened” tag gave
the federal government flexibility to try out new, potentially less confrontational
conservation approaches. In particular, they called for forging closer collaborations
with western state governments, which are often uneasy with federal action, and
with the private landowners who control an estimated 95% of the prairie chicken’s
habitat.
Under the plan, for example, the agency said it would not prosecute
landowners or businesses thatunintentionally kill,harm, ordisturb thebird, as long
as they had signed a range-wide management plan to restore prairie chicken habitat.
Negotiated by USFWS and the states, the plan requires individuals and businesses
that damage habitat as part of their operations to pay into a fund to replace every
acre destroyed with 2 new acres of suitable habitat. The fund will also be used to
compensate landowners who set aside habitat. USFWS also set an interim goal of
restoring prairie chicken populations to an annual average of 67,000 birds over the
next 10 years. And it gives the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies
(WAFWA), a coalition of state agencies, the job of monitoring progress. Overall,
theideais to let “statesremain in the driver’s seat for managing thespecies,” Ashe
said.
Not everyone buys the win-win rhetoric. Some Congress members are trying
to block the plan, and at least a dozen industry groups, four states, and three
environmental groups are challenging it in federal court. Not surprisingly, industry
groups and states generally argue it goes too far; environmentalists say it doesn’t go
far enough. “The federal government is giving responsibility for managing the bird
tothesameindustries thatarepushingittoextinction,”saysbiologistJay Lininger.
6
pastpapers.cn
26.Themajorreasonforlistingthelesserprairiechickenasthreatenedis .
[A] itsdrasticallydecreasedpopulation
[B] theunderestimateofthegrasslandacreage
[C] adesperateappealfromsomebiologists
[D] theinsistenceof privatelandowners
27.The“threatened”tagdisappointedsomeenvironmentalistsinthatit .
[A] wasagive-intogovernmentalpressure
[B] wouldinvolve feweragenciesinaction
[C] grantedlessfederalregulatorypower
[D] wentagainstconservationpolicies
28.Itcanbelearnedfrom Paragraph3thatunintentionalharm-doerswillnotbe
prosecutedifthey .
[A] agreetopayasumforcompensation
[B] volunteertosetupanequallybighabitat
[C] offertosupporttheWAFWAmonitoringjob
[D] promisetoraisefundsforUSFWSoperations
29.AccordingtoAshe,theleadingroleinmanagingthespeciesis .
[A] thefederalgovernment
[B] thewildlifeagencies
[C] thelandowners
[D] thestates
30.JayLiningerwouldmostlikelysupport .
[A] industrygroups
[B] thewin-winrhetoric
[C] environmentalgroups
[D] theplanunderchallenge
7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
That everyone’s too busy these days is a cliché. But one specific complaint is
madeespeciallymournfully:There’sneveranytimetoread.
What makes the problem thornier is that the usual time-management
techniques don’t seem sufficient. The web’s full of articles offering tips on making
time to read: “Give up TV” or “Carry a book with you at all times.” But in my
experience, using such methods to free up the odd 30 minutes doesn’t work. Sit
down to read and the flywheel of work-related thoughts keeps spinning – or else
you’re so exhausted that a challenging book’s the last thing you need. The modern
mind, Tim Parks, a novelist and critic, writes, “is overwhelmingly inclined toward
communication... It is not simply that one is interrupted; it is that one is actually
inclined to interruption.” Deep reading requires not just time, but a special kind of
timewhichcan’tbeobtainedmerelybybecomingmoreefficient.
In fact, “becoming more efficient” is part of the problem. Thinking of time as
a resource to be maximised means you approach it instrumentally, judging any
given momentaswellspent onlyinso far asitadvancesprogresstoward some goal.
Immersive reading, by contrast, depends on being willing to risk inefficiency,
goallessness, even time-wasting. Try to slot it in as a to-do list item and you’ll
manage only goal-focused reading – useful, sometimes, but not the most fulfilling
kind. “The future comes at us like empty bottles along an unstoppable and nearly
infinite conveyor belt,” writes Gary Eberle in his book Sacred Time, and “we feel
apressuretofillthesedifferent-sized bottles(days,hours, minutes)astheypass, for
if they get by without being filled, we will have wasted them.” No mind-set could
be worse for losing yourself in a book.
Sowhat doeswork? Perhaps surprisingly, scheduling regulartimesfor reading.
You’d think this might fuel the efficiency mind-set, but in fact, Eberle notes, such
ritualistic behaviour helps us “step outside time’s flow” into “soul time.” Youcould
limit distractions by reading only physical books, or on single-purpose e-readers.
“Carry a book with you at all times” can actually work, too – providing you dip in
often enough, so thatreading becomesthe default state from which you temporarily
surface to take care of business, before dropping back down. On a really good day,
it no longer feels as if you’re “making time to read,” but just reading, and making
timeforeverything else.
8
pastpapers.cn
31.Theusualtime-managementtechniquesdon’tworkbecause .
[A] whattheycanofferdoesnoteasethemodernmind
[B] whatchallengingbooksdemandisrepetitivereading
[C] whatpeopleoftenforgetiscarryingabookwiththem
[D] whatdeepreadingrequirescannotbeguaranteed
32.The“emptybottles”metaphorillustratesthatpeoplefeelapressureto .
[A] updatetheirto-dolists
[B] makepassingtimefulfilling
[C] carrytheirplansthrough
[D] pursuecarefreereading
33.Eberlewouldagreethatschedulingregulartimesforreadinghelps .
[A] encouragetheefficiencymind-set
[B] developonlinereadinghabits
[C] promoteritualisticreading
[D] achieveimmersivereading
34.“Carryabookwithyou atalltimes”canworkif .
[A] readingbecomesyour primarybusinessoftheday
[B] allthedailybusinesshasbeenpromptlydealtwith
[C] youareabletodropbacktobusinessafterreading
[D] timecanbeevenlysplitfor readingandbusiness
35.Thebesttitlefor thistextcouldbe .
[A] HowtoEnjoyEasyReading
[B] HowtoFindTimetoRead
[C] HowtoSetReadingGoals
[D] HowtoReadExtensively
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Against a backdrop of drastic changes in economy and population structure,
younger Americans are drawing a new 21st-century road map to success, a latest
pollhasfound.
Across generational lines, Americans continue to prize many of the same
traditionalmilestonesof asuccessful life, includinggettingmarried,having children,
owning a home, and retiring in their sixties. But while young and old mostly agree
on what constitutes the finish line of a fulfilling life, they offer strikingly different
pathsforreachingit.
Young people who are still getting started in life were more likely than older
adults to prioritize personal fulfillment in their work, to believe they will advance
their careers most by regularly changing jobs, to favor communities with more
public services and a faster pace of life, to agree that couples should be financially
secure before getting married or having children, and to maintain that children are
bestservedbytwoparentsworkingoutsidethehome,thesurveyfound.
From career to community and family, these contrasts suggest that in the
aftermath of the searing Great Recession, those just starting out in life are defining
priorities and expectations that will increasingly spread through virtually all
aspectsofAmericanlife,from consumerpreferencestohousingpatterns to politics.
Young and old converge on one key point: Overwhelming majorities of both
groups said they believe it is harder for young people today to get started in life
than it was for earlier generations. While younger people are somewhat more
optimistic than their elders about the prospects for those starting out today, big
majorities in both groups believe those “just getting started in life” face a tougher
climb than earlier generations in reaching such signpost achievements as securing
agood-payingjob,startingafamily, managingdebt,andfinding affordablehousing.
Pete Schneider considers the climb tougher today. Schneider, a 27-year-old
auto technician from the Chicago suburbs, says he struggled to find a job after
graduating from college. Even now that he is working steadily, he said, “I can’t
afford to pay my monthly mortgage payments on my own, so I have to rent rooms
out to people to make that happen.” Looking back, he is struck that his parents
could provide a comfortable life for their children even though neither had
completed college when he was young. “I still grew up in an upper middle-class
home with parents who didn’t have college degrees,” Schneider said. “I don’t
thinkpeoplearecapableofthat anymore.”
10
pastpapers.cn
36.Onecross-generationmarkofasuccessfullifeis .
[A] tryingoutdifferentlifestyles
[B] havingafamilywithchildren
[C] workingbeyondretirementage
[D] settingupaprofitablebusiness
37.Itcanbelearnedfrom Paragraph3thatyoung peopletendto .
[A] favoraslowerlifepace
[B] holdanoccupationlonger
[C] attachimportancetopre-maritalfinance
[D] giveprioritytochildcareoutsidethehome
38.Theprioritiesandexpectationsdefinedbytheyoung will .
[A] becomeincreasinglyclear
[B] focusonmaterialisticissues
[C] dependlargelyonpoliticalpreferences
[D] reachalmostallaspectsofAmericanlife
39.Bothyoungandoldagreethat .
[A] good-payingjobsarelessavailable
[B] theoldmademorelifeachievements
[C] housingloanstodayareeasytoobtain
[D] gettingestablishedisharderfor theyoung
40.WhichofthefollowingistrueaboutSchneider?
[A] Hefound adreamjobaftergraduatingfromcollege.
[B] Hisparentsbelieveworkingsteadilyisamustforsuccess.
[C] Hisparents’goodlifehaslittletodowithacollegedegree.
[D] Hethinkshisjobasatechnicianquitechallenging.
11
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There
are two extra subheadings which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on
theANSWERSHEET.(10 points)
[A]Besilly
[B]Havefun
[C]Askfor help
[D]Expressyour emotions
[E]Don’toverthinkit
[F] Beeasilypleased
[G]Noticethings
ActYourShoeSize,NotYourAge
As adults, it seems that we are constantly pursuing happiness, often with
mixed results. Yetchildren appear to have it down to an art – and for the most part
they don’t need self-help books or therapy. Instead, they look after their wellbeing
instinctively, and usually more effectively than we do as grownups. Perhaps it’s
timetolearnafewlessonsfrom them.
41.
What does a child do when he’s sad? He cries. When he’s angry? He shouts.
Scared? Probably a bit of both. As we grow up, we learn to control our emotions
so they are manageable and don’t dictate our behaviours, which is in many ways a
good thing. But too often we take this process too far and end up suppressing
emotions, especially negativeones.That’saboutaseffectiveas brushing dirtunder
acarpetandcan even makeusill. Whatwe needto do isfind awayto acknowledge
andexpresswhatwefeelappropriately, andthen–again,like children–move on.
42.
A couple of Christmases ago, my youngest stepdaughter, who was nine years
old at the time, got a Superman T-shirt for Christmas. It cost less than a fiver but
she was overjoyed, and couldn’t stop talking about it. Too often we believe that a
new job, bigger house or better car will be the magic silver bullet that will allow
us to finally be content, but the reality is these things have very little lasting
impact on our happiness levels. Instead, being grateful for small things every day
12
pastpapers.cn
isamuchbetterwaytoimprovewellbeing.
43.
Have you ever noticed how much children laugh? If we adults could indulge
inabitofsillinessandgiggling, wewouldreducethestresshormonesinour bodies,
increase good hormones like endorphins, improve blood flow to our heartsand even
have a greater chance of fighting off infection. All of which would, of course, have
apositiveeffectonourhappiness levels.
44.
The problem with being a grownup is that there’s an awful lot of serious stuff
to deal with – work, mortgage payments, figuring out what to cook for dinner. But
as adults we also have the luxury of being able to control our own diaries and it’s
important that we schedule in time to enjoy the things we love. Those things
might be social, sporting, creative or completely random (dancing around the
living room, anyone?) – it doesn’t matter, so long as they’re enjoyable, and not
likely to have negative side effects, such as drinking too much alcohol or going on
awildspendingspreeifyou’reonatight budget.
45._______________________________
Having said all of the above, it’s important to add that we shouldn’t try too
hard to be happy. Scientists tell us this can backfire and actually have a negative
impact on our wellbeing. As the Chinese philosopher Chuang Tzu is reported to
have said: “Happiness is the absence of striving for happiness.” And in that, once
more, we need to look to the example of our children, to whom happiness is not a
goalbutanaturalbyproductofthewaytheylive.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46.Directions
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
The supermarket is designed to lure customers into spending as much time as
possible within its doors. The reason for this is simple: The longer you stay in the
store, the more stuff you’ll see, and the more stuff you see, the more you’ll buy.
Andsupermarkets contain alotofstuff. Theaverage supermarket, according tothe
Food Marketing Institute, carries some 44,000 different items, and many carry tens
ofthousandsmore.Thesheervolumeofavailablechoiceisenough tosendshoppers
into a state of information overload. According to brain-scan experiments, the
demands of so much decision-making quickly become too much for us. After about
40 minutes of shopping, most people stop struggling to be rationally selective, and
instead begin shopping emotionally – which is the point at which we accumulate
the50percentofstuff inourcartthatweneverintendedbuying.
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Suppose youwonatranslation contestandyourfriend, Jack,wroteanemail
tocongratulateyouandaskfor adviceontranslation.Writehimareplyto
1) thankhim,and
2) giveyour advice.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyourownname.Use“LiMing”instead.
Donotwriteyouraddress. (10points)
14
pastpapers.cn
PartB
48.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthechartbelow.In your writing, youshould
1) interpretthechart,and
2) giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
某高校学生旅游目的调查
15
pastpapers.cn
2016年英语二真题答案
SectionⅠUseof English
1.B 2.B 3.A 4.C 5.D 6.B 7.A 8.D 9.C 10.A
11.A 12.C 13.B 14.D 15.C 16.D 17.A 18.C 19.D 20.B
SectionⅡReadingComprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 BBACA Text2 26~30 ACADC
Text3 31~35 DBDAB Text4 36~40 BCDDC
PartB
41.D 42.F 43.A 44.B 45.E
PartC
46.
超市的设计就是要诱使顾客尽可能久地待在店内。其理由很简单：你在店里逗
留越久，看到的东西就越多，看到的东西越多，买的就越多。而超市里的东西多得
很。按食品营销研究院所说，普通超市售卖约44，000种各式货品，而且许多超市
的货品还要多出成千上万种。单是可供选择的货品数量就足以让购物者陷入信息超
负荷的状态。根据大脑扫描实验，如此之大的决策量带来的负担会很快令我们无法
承受。购物约40分钟后，大多数人就不再费心去理性选购，而是开始冲动购物了—
—就是从这一刻起，我们把本来根本没打算买的那一半东西堆进了购物车。
Section III Writing
47、48略
16
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2015年 英语一 (来源: 2015-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2015 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
Though not biologically related, friends are as “related” as fourth cousins,
sharing about 1% of genes. That is 1 a study, published from the University
of California and Yale University in the Proceedings of the National Academy of
Sciences, has 2 .
The study is a genome-wide analysis conducted 3 1,932 unique subjects
which 4 pairs of unrelated friends and unrelated strangers. The same people
were used in both 5 .
While 1% may seem 6 , it is not so to a geneticist. As James Fowler,
professor of medical genetics at UC San Diego, says, “Most people do not even
7 their fourth cousins but somehow manage to select as friends the people
who 8 our kin.”
The study 9 found that the genes for smell were something shared in
friends but not genes for immunity. Why this similarity exists in smell genes is
difficult to explain, for now. 10 , as the team suggests, it draws us to similar
environments but there is more 11 it. There could be many mechanisms
working together that 12 us in choosing genetically similar friends 13
“functional kinship” of being friends with 14 !
One of the remarkable findings of the study was that the similar genes seem
to be evolving 15 than other genes. Studying this could help 16 why
human evolution picked pace in the last 30,000 years, with social environment
being a major 17 factor.
The findings do not simply explain people’s 18 to befriend those of
similar 19 backgrounds, say the researchers. Though all the subjects were
drawn from a population of European extraction, care was taken to 20 that
all subjects, friends and strangers, were taken from the same population.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
1. [A] when [B] why [C] how [D] what
2. [A] defended [B] concluded [C] withdrawn [D] advised
3. [A] for [B] with [C] on [D] by
4. [A] compared [B] sought [C] separated [D] connected
5. [A] tests [B] objects [C] samples [D] examples
6. [A] insignificant [B] unexpected [C] unreliable [D] incredible
7. [A] visit [B] miss [C] seek [D] know
8. [A] resemble [B] influence [C] favor [D] surpass
9. [A] again [B] also [C] instead [D] thus
10. [A] Meanwhile [B] Furthermore [C] Likewise [D] Perhaps
11. [A] about [B] to [C] from [D] like
12. [A] drive [B] observe [C] confuse [D] limit
13. [A] according to [B] rather than [C] regardless of [D] along with
14. [A] chances [B] responses [C] missions [D] benefits
15. [A] later [B] slower [C] faster [D] earlier
16. [A] forecast [B] remember [C] understand [D] express
17. [A] unpredictable [B] contributory [C] controllable [D] disruptive
18. [A] endeavor [B] decision [C] arrangement [D] tendency
19. [A] political [B] religious [C] ethnic [D] economic
20. [A] see [B] show [C] prove [D] tell
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A,
B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 1
King Juan Carlos of Spain once insisted “kings don’t abdicate, they die in
their sleep.” But embarrassing scandals and the popularity of the republican left in
the recent Euro-elections have forced him to eat his words and stand down. So,
does the Spanish crisis suggest that monarchy is seeing its last days? Does that
mean the writing is on the wall for all European royals, with their magnificent
uniforms and majestic lifestyles?
The Spanish case provides arguments both for and against monarchy. When
public opinion is particularly polarised, as it was following the end of the Franco
regime, monarchs can rise above “mere” politics and “embody” a spirit of national
unity.
It is this apparent transcendence of politics that explains monarchs’ continuing
popularity as heads of state. And so, the Middle East excepted, Europe is the most
monarch-infested region in the world, with 10 kingdoms (not counting Vatican city
and Andorra). But unlike their absolutist counterparts in the Gulf and Asia, most
royal families have survived because they allow voters to avoid the difficult search
for a non-controversial but respected public figure.
Even so, kings and queens undoubtedly have a downside. Symbolic of
national unity as they claim to be, their very history – and sometimes the way they
behave today – embodies outdated and indefensible privileges and inequalities. At a
time when Thomas Piketty and other economists are warning of rising inequality
and the increasing power of inherited wealth, it is bizarre that wealthy aristocratic
families should still be the symbolic heart of modern democratic states.
The most successful monarchies strive to abandon or hide their old aristocratic
ways. Princes and princesses have day-jobs and ride bicycles, not horses (or
helicopters). Even so, these are wealthy families who party with the international
1%, and media intrusiveness makes it increasingly difficult to maintain the right
image.
While Europe’s monarchies will no doubt be smart enough to survive for some
time to come, it is the British royals who have most to fear from the Spanish example.
It is only the Queen who has preserved the monarchy’s reputation with her
rather ordinary (if well-heeled) granny style. The danger will come with Charles,
who has both an expensive taste of lifestyle and a pretty hierarchical view of the
world. He has failed to understand that monarchies have largely survived because
they provide a service –as non-controversial and non-political heads of state.
Charles ought to know that as English history shows, it is kings, not republicans,
who are the monarchy’s worst enemies.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
21.According to the first two paragraphs, King Juan Carl of Spain
[A]eased his relationship with his rivals.
[B]used to enjoy high public support.
[C]was unpopular among European royals.
[D]ended his reign in embarrassment.
22.Monarchs are kept as heads of state in Europe mostly
[A]to give voters more public figures to look up to.
[B]to achieve a balance between tradition and reality.
[C]owing to their undoubted and respectable status.
[D]due to their everlasting political embodiment.
23.Which of the following is shown to be odd, according to Paragraph 4?
[A]Aristocrats’ excessive reliance on inherited wealth.
[B]The role of the nobility in modern democracies.
[C]The simple lifestyle of the aristocratic families.
[D]The nobility’s adherence to their privileges.
24.The British royals “have most to fear” because Charles
[A]fails to adapt himself to his future role.
[B]fails to change his lifestyle as advised.
[C]takes republicans as his potential allies.
[D]takes a tough line on political issues.
25.Which of the following is the best title of the text?
[A]Carlos, Glory and Disgrace Combined
[B]Charles, Anxious to Succeed to the Throne
[C]Carlos, a Lesson for All European Monarchs
[D]Charles, Slow to React to the Coming Threats
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 2
Just how much does the Constitution protect your digital data? The Supreme
Court will now consider whether police can search the contents of a mobile phone
without a warrant if the phone is on or around a person during an arrest.
California has asked the justices to refrain from a sweeping ruling, particularly
one that upsets the old assumption that authorities may search through the
possessions of suspects at the time of their arrest. It is hard, the state argues, for
judges to assess the implications of new and rapidly changing technologies.
The court would be recklessly modest if it followed California’s advice.
Enough of the implications are discernable, even obvious, so that the justices can
and should provide updated guidelines to police, lawyers and defendants.
They should start by discarding California’s lame argument that exploring the
contents of a smartphone – a vast storehouse of digital information – is similar to,
say, going through a suspect’s purse. The court has ruled that police don’t violate
the Fourth Amendment when they go through the wallet or pocketbook of an
arrestee without a warrant. But exploring one’s smartphone is more like entering
his or her home. A smartphone may contain an arrestee’s reading history, financial
history, medical history and comprehensive records of recent correspondence. The
development of “cloud computing”, meanwhile, has made that exploration so
much the easier.
Americans should take steps to protect their digital privacy. But keeping
sensitive information on these devices is increasingly a requirement of normal life.
Citizens still have a right to expect private documents to remain private and
protected by the Constitution’s prohibition on unreasonable searches.
As so often is the case, stating that principle doesn’t ease the challenge of line-
drawing. In many cases, it would not be overly burdensome for authorities to obtain
a warrant to search through phone contents. They could still invalidate Fourth
Amendment protections when facing severe, urgent circumstances, and they could
take reasonable measures to ensure that phone data are not erased or altered while
waiting for a warrant. The court, though, may want to allow room for police to cite
situations where they are entitled to more freedom.
But the justices should not swallow California’s argument whole. New,
disruptive technology sometimes demands novel applications of the Constitution’s
protections. Orin Kerr, a law professor, compares the explosion and accessibility
of digital information in the 21st century with the establishment of automobile use
as a virtual necessity of life in the 20th: The justices had to specify novel rules for
the new personal domain of the passenger car then; they must sort out how the
Fourth Amendment applies to digital information now.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
26.The Supreme Court will work out whether, during an arrest, it is legitimate to
[A]prevent suspects from deleting their phone contents.
[B]search for suspects’ mobile phones without a warrant.
[C]check suspects’ phone contents without being authorized.
[D]prohibit suspects from using their mobile phones.
27.The author’s attitude toward California’s argument is one of
[A]disapproval.
[B]indifference.
[C]tolerance.
[D]cautiousness.
28.The author believes that exploring one’s phone contents is comparable to
[A]going through one’s wallet.
[B]handling one’s historical records.
[C]scanning one’s correspondences.
[D]getting into one’s residence.
29.In Paragraphs 5 and 6, the author shows his concern that
[A]principles are hard to be clearly expressed.
[B]the court is giving police less room for action.
[C]phones are used to store sensitive information.
[D]citizens’ privacy is not effectively protected.
30.Orin Kerr’s comparison is quoted to indicate that
[A]the Constitution should be implemented flexibly.
[B]principles of the Constitution should never be altered.
[C]California’s argument violates principles of the Constitution.
[D]new technology requires reinterpretation of the Constitution.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 3
The journal Science is adding an extra round of statistical checks to its
peer-review process, editor-in-chief Marcia McNutt announced today. The policy
follows similar efforts from other journals, after widespread concern that basic
mistakes in data analysis are contributing to the irreproducibility of many published
research findings.
“Readers must have confidence in the conclusions published in our journal,”
writes McNutt in an editorial. Working with the American Statistical Association, the
journal has appointed seven experts to a statistics board of reviewing editors (SBoRE).
Manuscripts will be flagged up for additional scrutiny by the journal’s internal
editors, or by its existing Board of Reviewing Editors or by outside peer reviewers.
The SBoRE panel will then find external statisticians to review these manuscripts.
Asked whether any particular papers had impelled the change, McNutt said:
“The creation of the ‘statistics board’ was motivated by concerns broadly with the
application of statistics and data analysis in scientific research and is part of
Science’s overall drive to increase reproducibility in the research we publish.”
Giovanni Parmigiani, a biostatistician at the Harvard School of Public Health,
a member of the SBoRE group, says he expects the board to “play primarily an
advisory role.” He agreed to join because he “found the foresight behind the
establishment of the SBoRE to be novel, unique and likely to have a lasting
impact. This impact will not only be through the publications in Science itself, but
hopefully through a larger group of publishing places that may want to model
their approach after Science.”
John Ioannidis, a physician who studies research methodology, says that the
policy is “a most welcome step forward” and “long overdue”. “Most journals are
weak in statistical review, and this damages the quality of what they publish. I
think that, for the majority of scientific papers nowadays, statistical review is
more essential than expert review,” he says, but he noted that biomedical journals
such as Annals of Internal Medicine, the Journal of the American Medical
Association and The Lancet pay strong attention to statistical review.
Professional scientists are expected to know how to analyse data, but
statistical errors are alarmingly common in published research, according to
David Vaux, a cell biologist. Researchers should improve their standards, he wrote
in 2012, but journals should also take a tougher line, “engaging reviewers who are
statistically literate and editors who can verify the process”. Vaux says that
Science’s idea to pass some papers to statisticians “has some merit, but a
weakness is that it relies on the board of reviewing editors to identify ‘the papers
that need scrutiny’ in the first place”.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
31.It can be learned from Paragraph 1 that
[A]Science intends to simplify its peer-review process.
[B]journals are strengthening their statistical checks.
[C]few journals are blamed for mistakes in data analysis.
[D]lack of data analysis is common in research projects.
32.The phrase “flagged up” (Para. 2) is the closest in meaning to
[A]found.
[B]revised.
[C]marked.
[D]stored.
33.Giovanni Parmigiani believes that the establishment of the SBoRE may
[A]pose a threat to all its peers.
[B]meet with strong opposition.
[C]increase Science’s circulation.
[D]set an example for other journals.
34.David Vaux holds that what Science is doing now
[A]adds to researchers’ workload.
[B]diminishes the role of reviewers.
[C]has room for further improvement.
[D]is to fail in the foreseeable future.
35.Which of the following is the best title of the text?
[A]Science Joins Push to Screen Statistics in Papers
[B]Professional Statisticians Deserve More Respect
[C]Data Analysis Finds Its Way onto Editors’ Desks
[D]Statisticians Are Coming Back with Science
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
Text 4
Two years ago, Rupert Murdoch’s daughter, Elisabeth, spoke of the
“unsettling dearth of integrity across so many of our institutions”. Integrity had
collapsed, she argued, because of a collective acceptance that the only “sorting
mechanism” in society should be profit and the market. But “it’s us, human beings,
we the people who create the society we want, not profit.”
Driving her point home, she continued: “It’s increasingly apparent that the
absence of purpose, of a moral language within government, media or business
could become one of the most dangerous goals for capitalism and freedom.” This
same absence of moral purpose was wounding companies such as News
International, she thought, making it more likely that it would lose its way as it
had with widespread illegal telephone hacking.
As the hacking trial concludes – finding guilty one ex-editor of the News of the
World, Andy Coulson, for conspiring to hack phones, and finding his predecessor,
Rebekah Brooks, innocent of the same charge – the wider issue of dearth of integrity
still stands. Journalists are known to have hacked the phones of up to 5,500 people.
This is hacking on an industrial scale, as was acknowledged by Glenn Mulcaire,
the man hired by the News of the World in 2001 to be the point person for phone
hacking. Others await trial. This long story still unfolds.
In many respects, the dearth of moral purpose frames not only the fact of such
widespread phone hacking but the terms on which the trial took place. One of the
astonishing revelations was how little Rebekah Brooks knew of what went on in
her newsroom, how little she thought to ask and the fact that she never inquired
how the stories arrived. The core of her successful defence was that she knew
nothing.
In today’s world, it has become normal that well-paid executives should not
be accountable for what happens in the organisations that they run. Perhaps we
should not be so surprised. For a generation, the collective doctrine has been that
the sorting mechanism of society should be profit. The words that have mattered
are efficiency, flexibility, shareholder value, business-friendly, wealth generation,
sales, impact and, in newspapers, circulation. Words degraded to the margin have
been justice, fairness, tolerance, proportionality and accountability.
The purpose of editing the News of the World was not to promote reader
understanding, to be fair in what was written or to betray any common humanity.
It was to ruin lives in the quest for circulation and impact. Ms Brooks may or may
not have had suspicions about how her journalists got their stories, but she asked
no questions, gave no instructions – nor received traceable, recorded answers.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
36.According to the first two paragraphs, Elisabeth was upset by
[A]the consequences of the current sorting mechanism.
[B]companies’ financial loss due to immoral practices.
[C]governmental ineffectiveness on moral issues.
[D]the wide misuse of integrity among institutions.
37.It can be inferred from Paragraph 3 that
[A]Glenn Mulcaire may deny phone hacking as a crime.
[B]more journalists may be found guilty of phone hacking.
[C]Andy Coulson should be held innocent of the charge.
[D]phone hacking will be accepted on certain occasions.
38.The author believes that Rebekah Brooks’s defence
[A]was hardly convincing.
[B]centered on trivial issues.
[C]revealed a cunning personality.
[D]was part of a conspiracy.
39.The author holds that the current collective doctrine shows
[A]a marginalized lifestyle.
[B]unfair wealth distribution.
[C]generally distorted values.
[D]a rigid moral code.
40.Which of the following is suggested in the last paragraph?
[A]The quality of writings is of primary importance.
[B]Moral awareness matters in editing a newspaper.
[C]Common humanity is central to news reporting.
[D]Journalists need stricter industrial regulations.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
Part B
Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41-45,
choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered
blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark
your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
How does your reading proceed? Clearly you try to comprehend, in the
sense of identifying meanings for individual words and working out
relationships between them, drawing on your implicit knowledge of English
grammar. (41) You begin to infer a context
for the text, for instance by making decisions about what kind of speech event is
involved: Who is making the utterance, to whom, when and where.
The ways of reading indicated here are without doubt kinds of comprehension.
But they show comprehension to consist not just of passive assimilation but of
active engagement in inference and problem-solving. You infer information you
feel the writer has invited you to grasp by presenting you with specific evidence
and clues. (42)
Conceived in this way, comprehension will not follow exactly the same track
for each reader. What is in question is not the retrieval of an absolute, fixed or
“true” meaning that can be read off and checked for accuracy, or some timeless
relation of the text to the world. (43)
Such background material inevitably reflects who we are. (44)
This doesn’t, however, make interpretation merely
relative or even pointless. Precisely because readers from different historical
periods, places and social experiences produce different but overlapping readings
of the same words on the page– including for texts that engage with fundamental
human concerns – debates about texts can play an important role in social discussion
of beliefs and values.
How we read a given text also depends to some extent on our particular
interest in reading it. (45) Such dimensions
of reading suggest – as others introduced later in the book will also do – that we
bring an implicit（often unacknowledged）agenda to any act of reading. It doesn’t
then necessarily follow that one kind of reading is fuller, more advanced or more
worthwhile than another. Ideally, different kinds of reading inform each other, and
act as useful reference points for and counterbalances to one another. Together,
they make up the reading component of your overall literacy, or relationship to
your surrounding textual environment.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
[A] Are we studying that text and trying to respond in a way that fulfils the
requirement of a given course? Reading it simply for pleasure? Skimming it
for information? Ways of reading on a train or in bed are likely to differ
considerably from reading in a seminar room.
[B] Factors such as the place and period in which we are reading, our gender,
ethnicity, age and social class will encourage us towards certain interpretations
but at the same time obscure or even close off others.
[C] If you are unfamiliar with words or idioms, you guess at their meaning, using
clues presented in the context. On the assumption that they will become
relevant later, you make a mental note of discourse entities as well as possible
links between them.
[D] In effect, you try to reconstruct the likely meanings or effects that any given
sentence, image or reference might have had: These might be the ones the
author intended.
[E] You make further inferences, for instance, about how the text may be
significant to you, or about its validity – inferences that form the basis of a
personal response for which the author will inevitably be far less responsible.
[F] In plays, novels and narrative poems, characters speak as constructs created by
the author, not necessarily as mouthpieces for the author’s own thoughts.
[G] Rather, we ascribe meanings to texts on the basis of interaction between what
we might call textual and contextual material: between kinds of organization
or patterning we perceive in a text’s formal structures (so especially its
language structures) and various kinds of background, social knowledge,
belief and attitude that we bring to the text.
Part C
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
Within the span of a hundred years, in the seventeenth and early eighteenth
centuries, a tide of emigration – one of the great folk wanderings of history – swept
from Europe to America. (46) This movement, driven by powerful and diverse
motivations, built a nation out of a wilderness and, by its nature, shaped the
character and destiny of an uncharted continent .
(47) The United States is the product of two principal forces – the immigration
of European peoples with their varied ideas, customs, and national characteristics
and the impact of a new country which modified these traits. Of necessity, colonial
America was a projection of Europe. Across the Atlantic came successive groups of
Englishmen, Frenchmen, Germans, Scots, Irishmen, Dutchmen, Swedes, and many
others who attempted to transplant their habits and traditions to the new world. (48)
But the force of geographic conditions peculiar to America, the interplay of the
varied national groups upon one another, and the sheer difficulty of maintaining old-
world ways in a raw, new continent caused significant changes. These changes were
gradual and at first scarcely visible. But the result was a new social pattern which,
although it resembled European society in many ways, had a character that was
distinctly American.
(49) The first shiploads of immigrants bound for the territory which is now the
United States crossed the Atlantic more than a hundred years after the 15th-and-
16th-century explorations of North America. In the meantime, thriving Spanish
colonies had been established in Mexico, the West Indies, and South America. These
travelers to North America came in small, unmercifully overcrowded craft. During
their six- to twelve-week voyage, they survived on barely enough food allotted to
them. Many of the ships were lost in storms, many passengers died of disease, and
infants rarely survived the journey. Sometimes storms blew the vessels far off
their course, and often calm brought unbearably long delay.
To the anxious travelers the sight of the American shore brought almost
inexpressible relief. Said one recorder of events, “The air at twelve leagues’
distance smelt as sweet as a new-blown garden.” The colonists’ first glimpse of
the new land was a sight of dense woods. (50) The virgin forest with its richness
and variety of trees was a real treasure-house which extended from Maine all the
way down to Georgia. Here was abundant fuel and lumber. Here was the raw
material of houses and furniture, ships and potash, dyes and naval stores.
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
Section III Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
You are going to host a club reading session. Write an email of about 100
words recommending a book to the club members.
You should state reasons for your recommendation.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter, use “Li Ming ” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following picture. In your essay,
you should
1）describe the picture briefly,
2）interpret its intended meaning, and
3）give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
手机时代的聚会
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获
2015年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.D 2.B 3.C 4.A 5.C 6.A 7.D 8.A 9.B 10.D
11.B 12.A 13.B 14.D 15.C 16.C 17.B 18.D 19.C 20.A
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 D C B A C Text 2 26~30 C A D D D
Text 3 31~35 B C D C A Text 4 36~40 A B A C B
Part B
41.C 42.E 43.G 44.B 45.A
Part C
46. 在各种强大动机的推动下，这场迁移从荒野中造就了一个民族，并循其本
质塑造了一片全新大陆的特点，决定了它的命运。
47. 合众国是两股主要力量作用的产物，一是具有不同思想、风俗和民族特点
的欧洲各民族的迁入，二是一个新国家因改变了这些特性而产生的影响。
48. 但是美洲特有地理条件的作用，不同族群间的相互影响，加上在一片荒蛮
新大陆上维持旧大陆方式的巨大困难，所有这一切引起了意义深远的变化。
49. 在十五、十六世纪的北美大陆探险过去一百多年后，首批满载移民驶向今
天合众国这片疆土的船只横穿过了大西洋。
50. 郁郁葱葱、、树种繁多的原始森林是一座从缅因一直向南绵延到佐治亚的
天然宝库。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
.
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获


---

## 2015年 英语二 (来源: 2015-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2015 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
In our contemporary culture, the prospect of communicating with – or even
looking at – a stranger is virtually unbearable. Everyone around us seems to agree
bythewaytheyclingtotheirphones,evenwithouta 1 onasubway.
It’s a sad reality – our desire to avoid interacting with other human beings –
because there’s 2 to be gained from talking to the stranger standing by you. But
you wouldn’t know it, 3 into your phone. This universal protection sends the
4 :“Pleasedon’tapproachme.”
Whatisitthatmakesusfeelweneedtohide 5 ourscreens?
One answer is fear, according to Jon Wortmann, an executive mental coach. We
fear rejection, or that our innocent social advances will be 6 as “weird.” Wefear
we’llbe7.Wefearwe’llbedisruptive.
Strangers are inherently 8 to us,so wearemore likely to feel 9
when communicating with them compared with our friends and acquaintances. To
avoid this uneasiness, we 10 to our phones. “Phones become our security
blanket,” Wortmann says. “They are our happy glasses that protect us from what we
perceiveisgoingtobemore 11 .”
But once we rip off the band-aid, tuck our smartphones in our pockets and look
up, it doesn’t 12 so bad. In one 2011 experiment, behavioral scientists Nicholas
Epley and Juliana Schroeder asked commuters to do the unthinkable: Start a 13 .
They had Chicago train commuters talk to their fellow 14 . “When Dr. Epley and
Ms. Schroeder asked other people in the same train station to 15 how they
would feel after talking to a stranger, the commuters thought their 16 would be
more pleasant if they sat on their own,” The New YorkTimessummarizes. Though the
participants didn’t expect a positive experience, after they 17 with the
experiment,“notasinglepersonreportedhavingbeenembarrassed.”
18 , these commutes were reportedly more enjoyable compared with those
withoutcommunication,whichmakesabsolutesense, 19 humanbeingsthrive off
of social connections. It’s that 20 : Talking to strangers can make you feel
connected.
.1.
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]signal [B]permit [C]ticket [D]record
2.[A]nothing [B]little [C]another [D]much
3.[A]beaten [B]plugged [C]guided [D]brought
4.[A]message [B]code [C]notice [D]sign
5.[A]under [B]beyond [C]behind [D]from
6.[A]misapplied [B]misinterpreted [C]misadjusted [D]mismatched
7.[A]judged [B]fired [C]replaced [D]delayed
8.[A]unreasonable [B]ungrateful [C]unconventional [D]unfamiliar
9.[A]comfortable [B]confident [C]anxious [D]angry
10.[A]attend [B]turn [C]take [D]point
11.[A]dangerous [B]mysterious [C]violent [D]boring
12.[A]bend [B]resist [C]hurt [D]decay
13.[A]lecture [B]debate [C]conversation [D]negotiation
14.[A]trainees [B]employees [C]researchers [D]passengers
15.[A]reveal [B]choose [C]predict [D]design
16.[A]voyage [B]flight [C]walk [D]ride
17.[A]wentthrough [B]didaway [C]caughtup [D]putup
18.[A]In turn [B]In fact [C]In particular [D]In consequence
19.[A]unless [B]whereas [C]if [D]since
20.[A]funny [B]simple [C]logical [D]rare
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsbeloweachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
.2.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text1
A new study suggests that contrary to most surveys, people are actually more
stressed at home than at work. Researchers measured people’s cortisol, which is a
stress marker, while they were at work and while they were at home and found it
higheratwhatissupposedtobeaplaceofrefuge.
“Further contradicting conventional wisdom, we found that women as well as
men have lower levels of stress at work than at home,” writes one of the researchers,
SarahDamaske. In fact women even say they feel better at work, she notes. “It is men,
not women, who report being happier at home than at work.” Another surprise is that
the findings hold true for both those with children and without, but more so for
nonparents.Thisiswhypeoplewho workoutsidethehomehavebetterhealth.
What the study doesn’t measure is whether people are still doing work when
they’re at home, whether it is household work or work brought home from the office.
For many men, the end of the workday is a time to kick back. For women who stay
home, they never get to leave the office. And for women who work outside the home,
they often are playing catch-up-with-household tasks. With the blurring of roles, and
the fact that the home front lags well behind the workplace in making adjustments for
workingwomen,it’snotsurprisingthatwomenaremorestressedathome.
But it’s not just a gender thing. At work, people pretty much know what they’re
supposed to be doing: working, making money, doing the tasks they have to do in
order to draw an income. The bargain is very pure: Employee puts in hours of
physicalormentallaborandemployeedrawsoutlife-sustainingmoola.
On the home front, however, people have no such clarity. Rare is the household
in which the division of labor is so clinically and methodically laid out. There are a
lot of tasks to be done, there are inadequate rewards for most of them. Your home
colleagues – your family – have no clear rewards for their labor; they need to be
talked into it, or if they’re teenagers, threatened with complete removal of all
electronic devices. Plus, they’re your family. Youcannot fire your family. You never
reallygettogo homefromhome.
So it’s not surprising that people are more stressed at home. Not only are the
tasksapparentlyinfinite,theco-workersaremuchhardertomotivate.
.3.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
21.AccordingtoParagraph1,mostprevioussurveys foundthathome .
[A] offeredgreaterrelaxationthantheworkplace
[B] wasanidealplacefor stressmeasurement
[C] generatedmorestressthantheworkplace
[D] wasanunrealisticplaceforrelaxation
22.AccordingtoDamaske,whoarelikelytobethehappiestathome?
[A]Workingmothers.
[B] Childlesshusbands.
[C]Workingfathers.
[D] Childlesswives.
23.Theblurringofworkingwomen’srolesreferstothefactthat .
[A] theirhomeisalsoaplacefor kickingback
[B] theyarebothbreadwinnersandhousewives
[C] thereisoftenmuchhouseworkleftbehind
[D] itisdifficultfor themtoleavetheiroffice
24.Theword“moola”(Line4,Para.4)mostprobablymeans .
[A] skills
[B] energy
[C] earnings
[D] nutrition
25.Thehomefrontdiffersfromtheworkplaceinthat .
[A] familylaborisoftenadequatelyrewarded
[B] homeishardlyacozierworkingenvironment
[C] householdtasksaregenerallymoremotivating
[D] divisionoflaborathomeisseldomclear-cut
.4.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text2
For years, studies have found that first-generation college students – those who
do not have a parent with a college degree – lag other students on a range of
education achievement factors. Their grades are lower and their dropout rates are
higher. But since such students are most likely to advance economically if they
succeed in higher education, colleges and universities have pushed for decades to
recruit more of them. This has created “a paradox” in that recruiting first-generation
students, but then watching many of them fail, means that higher education has
“continued to reproduce and widen, rather than close” an achievement gap based on
social class, according to the depressing beginning of a paper forthcoming in the
journalPsychologicalScience.
But the article is actually quite optimistic, as it outlines a potential solution to
this problem, suggesting that an approach (which involves a one-hour, next-to-no-cost
program) can close 63 percent of the achievement gap (measured by such factors as
grades)betweenfirst-generationandotherstudents.
The authors of the paper are from different universities, and their findings are
based on a study involving 147 students (who completed the project) at an unnamed
private university. First generation was defined as not having a parent with a four-
year college degree. Most of the first-generation students (59.1 percent) were
recipients of Pell Grants, a federal grant for undergraduates with financial need, while
this was true only for 8.6 percent of the students with at least one parent with a
four-yeardegree.
Their thesis – that a relatively modest intervention could have a big impact –
was based on the view that first-generation students may be most lacking not in
potential but in practical knowledge about how to deal with the issues that face most
college students. They cite past research by several authors to show that this is the
gapthatmustbenarrowedtoclosetheachievementgap.
Many first-generation students “struggle to navigate the middle-class culture of
higher education, learn the ‘rules of the game,’ and take advantage of college
resources,” they write. And this becomes more of a problem when colleges don’t talk
about the class advantages and disadvantages of different groups of students.
“Because US colleges and universities seldom acknowledge how social class can
affect students’ educational experiences, many first-generation students lack insight
about why they are struggling and do not understand how students ‘like them’ can
improve.”
.5.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
26.Recruitingmorefirst-generationstudentshas .
[A] reducedtheirdropoutrates
[B] narrowedtheachievementgap
[C] misseditsoriginalpurpose
[D] depressedcollegestudents
27.Theauthorsoftheresearcharticleareoptimisticbecause .
[A] theirfindingsappealtostudents
[B] therecruitingratehasincreased
[C] theproblemissolvable
[D] theirapproachiscostless
28.Thestudysuggeststhatmostfirst-generationstudents .
[A] arefromsingle-parentfamilies
[B] studyatprivateuniversities
[C] areinneedoffinancialsupport
[D] havefailedtheircollege
29.Theauthorsofthepaperbelievethatfirst-generationstudents .
[A] maylackopportunitiestoapplyfor researchprojects
[B] areinexperiencedinhandlingtheirissuesatcollege
[C] canhaveapotentialinfluenceonotherstudents
[D] areactuallyindifferenttotheachievementgap
30.Wemayinferfrom thelastparagraphthat .
[A] universitiesoftenrejectthecultureofthemiddle-class
[B] studentsareusuallytoblamefor theirlackofresources
[C] socialclassgreatlyhelpsenricheducationalexperiences
[D] collegesarepartlyresponsiblefor theprobleminquestion
.6.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text3
Even in traditional offices, “the lingua franca of corporate America has gotten
much more emotional and much more right-brained than it was 20 years ago,” said
Harvard Business School professor Nancy Koehn. She started spinning off examples.
“If you and I parachuted back to Fortune 500 companies in 1990, we would see much
less frequent use of termslikejourney, mission, passion. Therewere goals, there were
strategies, there were objectives, but we didn’t talk about energy; we didn’t talk about
passion.”
Koehn pointed out that this new era of corporate vocabulary is very “team”-
oriented – and not by coincidence. “Let’s not forget sports – in male-dominated
corporate America, it’s still a big deal. It’s not explicitly conscious; it’s the idea that
I’m a coach, and you’re my team,and we’re in this together. There arelotsand lotsof
CEOsin very differentcompanies, but mostthinkof themselvesascoaches andthisis
theirteamandtheywanttowin.”
These terms are also intended to infuse work with meaning – and, as Rakesh
Khurana, another professor, points out, increase allegiance to the firm. “You have the
importation of terminology that historically used to be associated with non-profit
organizations and religious organizations: terms like vision, values, passion, and
purpose,”saidKhurana.
This new focus on personal fulfillment can help keep employees motivated amid
increasingly loud debates over work-life balance. The “mommy wars” of the 1990s
are still going on today, prompting arguments about why women still can’t have it all
and books like Sheryl Sandberg’s Lean In, whose title has become a buzzword in its
own right. Termslike unplug, offline, life-hack, bandwidth, and capacity are all about
setting boundaries between the office and the home. But if your work is your
“passion,” you’ll be more likely to devote yourself to it, even if that means going
homefor dinnerandthenworkinglongafterthekidsareinbed.
But this seems to be the irony of office speak: Everyone makes fun of it, but
managers love it, companies depend on it, and regular people willingly absorb it. As a
linguist once said, “You can get people to think it’s nonsense at the same time that
you buy into it.” In a workplace that’s fundamentally indifferent to your life and its
meaning, office speak can help you figure out how you relate to your work – and
howyour workdefineswhoyouare.
.7.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
31.AccordingtoNancyKoehn,officelanguagehasbecome .
[A] lessstrategic
[B] lessenergetic
[C] moreobjective
[D] moreemotional
32.“Team”-orientedcorporatevocabularyiscloselyrelatedto .
[A] sportsculture
[B] genderdifference
[C] historicalincidents
[D] athleticexecutives
33.Khuranabelievesthattheimportationofterminologyaimsto .
[A] revivehistoricalterms
[B] promotecompanyimage
[C] fostercorporatecooperation
[D] strengthenemployeeloyalty
34.ItcanbeinferredthatLeanIn .
[A] voicesfor workingwomen
[B] appealstopassionateworkaholics
[C] triggersdebatesamongmommies
[D] praisesmotivatedemployees
35.Whichofthefollowingstatementsistrueaboutofficespeak?
[A] Linguistsbelieveittobenonsense.
[B] Regularpeoplemockitbutacceptit.
[C] Companiesfindittobefundamental.
[D] Managersadmireitbutavoidit.
.8.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text4
Many people talked of the 288,000 new jobs the Labor Department reported for
June,along withthe drop in theunemploymentrateto 6.1 percent, as good news. And
they were right. For now it appears the economy is creating jobs at a decent pace. We
still have a long way to go to get back to full employment, but at least we are now
finallymoving forwardatafasterpace.
However, there is another important part of the jobs picture that was largely
overlooked. There was a big jump in the number of people who report voluntarily
workingpart-time.Thisfigureisnow830,000（4.4percent）aboveitsyearagolevel.
Before explaining the connection to the Obamacare, it is worth making an
important distinction. Many people who work part-time jobs actually want full-time
jobs. They take part-time work because this is all they can get. An increase in
involuntary part-time work is evidence of weakness in the labor market and it means
thatmanypeoplewillbehavingaveryhardtimemakingendsmeet.
There was an increase in involuntary part-time in June, but the general direction
has been down. Involuntary part-time employment is still far higher than before the
recession,butitisdownby640,000(7.9percent)fromitsyearagolevel.
We know the difference between voluntary and involuntary part-time
employment because people tell us. The survey used by the Labor Department asks
people if they workedless than 35 hours in the reference week. If the answer is “yes,”
they are classified as working part-time. The survey then asks whether they worked
less than 35 hours in that week because they wanted to work less than full time or
becausethey had no choice. They areonly classified asvoluntary part-time workers if
theytellthesurveytakertheychosetoworklessthan35hoursaweek.
The issue of voluntary part-time relates to Obamacare because one of the main
purposes was to allow people to get insurance outside of employment. For many
people, especially those with serious health conditions or family members with
serious health conditions, before Obamacare the only way to get insurance was
throughajobthatprovidedhealthinsurance.
However, Obamacare has allowed more than 12 million people to either get
insurance through Medicaid or the exchanges. These are people who may previously
have felt the need to get a full-time job that provided insurance in order to cover
themselves and their families. With Obamacare there is no longer a link between
employmentandinsurance.
.9.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
36.Whichpartofthejobspicturewasneglected?
[A]Theprospectofathrivingjobmarket.
[B]Theincreaseofvoluntarypart-timejobs.
[C]Thepossibilityoffullemployment.
[D]Theaccelerationofjobcreation.
37.Manypeopleworkpart-timebecausethey .
[A] preferpart-timejobstofull-timejobs
[B] feelthatisenough tomakeendsmeet
[C] cannotgettheirhandsonfull-timejobs
[D] haven’tseentheweaknessofthemarket
38.Involuntarypart-timeemploymentintheUS .
[A] showsageneraltendencyofdecline
[B] ishardertoacquirethanoneyearago
[C] satisfiestherealneedofthejobless
[D] islowerthanbeforetherecession
39.ItcanbelearnedthatwithObamacare, .
[A] itisnolongereasyfor part-timerstogetinsurance
[B] full-timeemploymentisstillessentialforinsurance
[C] itisstillchallengingtogetinsurancefor familymembers
[D] employmentisnolongerapreconditiontogetinsurance
40.Thetextmainlydiscusses .
[A] employmentintheUS
[B] part-timerclassification
[C] insurancethroughMedicaid
[D] Obamacare’strouble
.10.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subheading from the list A-G for each of the numbered paragraphs (41-45). There are
two extra subheadings which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the
ANSWERSHEET.(10points)
[A]Youarenot alone
[B]Experiencehelpsyougrow
[C]Paveyour ownuniquepath
[D]Mostofyourfearsareunreal
[E]Thinkaboutthepresentmoment
[F] Don’tfearresponsibilityfor yourlife
[G]Therearemanythingstobegratefulfor
SomeOldTruthstoHelpYouOvercomeToughTimes
Unfortunately, life is not a bed of roses. We are going through life facing sad
experiences. Moreover, we are grieving various kinds of loss: a friendship, a romantic
relationshipor a house.Hard timesmay hold you down atwhat usually seems like the
mostinopportunetime,butyou shouldrememberthattheywon’tlastforever.
When our time of mourning is over, we press forward, stronger with a greater
understanding and respect for life. Furthermore, these losses make us mature and
eventually move us toward future opportunities for growth and happiness. I want to
sharetheseoldtruthsI’velearnedalongtheway.
41.
Fear isboth useful andharmful. Thisnormal human reaction isused to protectus
by signaling danger and preparing us to deal with it. Unfortunately, people create
inner barriers with a help of exaggerating fears. My favorite actor Will Smith once
said,“Fearisnotreal.Itisaproductofthoughtsyoucreate. Donotmisunderstand me.
Danger is very real. But fear is a choice.” I do completely agree that fears are just the
productofourluxuriantimagination.
42.
.11.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
If you aresurrounded by problemsand cannot stop thinking aboutthe past, try to
focus on the present moment. Many of us are weighed down by the past or anxious
about the future. Youmay feel guilt over your past, but you are poisoning the present
with the things and circumstances you cannot change. Valuethe present moment and
remember how fortunate you are to be alive. Enjoy the beauty of the world around
and keep the eyes open to see the possibilities before you. Happiness is not a point of
future and not a moment from the past, but a mindset that can be designed into the
present.
43.
Sometimesit is easy to feel bad because you are going through tough times. You
can be easily caught up by life problems that you forget to pause and appreciate the
things you have. Only strong people prefer to smile and value their life instead of
cryingandcomplainingaboutsomething.
44.
No matter how isolated you might feel and how serious the situation is, you
should always remember that you are not alone. Try to keep in mind that almost
everyone respects and wants to help you if you are trying to make a good change in
your life, especially your dearest and nearest people. You may have a circle of friends
who provide constant good humor, help and companionship. If you have no friends or
relatives, try to participate in several online communities, full of people who are
alwayswillingtoshareadviceandencouragement.
45.
Today many people find it difficult to trust their own opinion and seek balance by
gaining objectivity from external sources. This way you devalue your opinion and
show that you are incapable of managing your own life. When you are struggling to
achieve something important you should believe in yourself and be sure that your
decision is the best. You live in your skin, think your own thoughts, have your own
valuesandmakeyour ownchoices.
.12.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section III Translation
46.Directions:
.13.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
Think about driving a route that’s very familiar. It could be your commute to
work, a trip into town or the way home. Whichever it is, you know every twist and
turn like the back of your hand. On these sorts of trips it’s easy to lose concentration
on the driving and pay little attention to the passing scenery. The consequence is that
youperceivethatthetriphastakenlesstimethanitactuallyhas.
This is the well-travelled road effect: People tend to underestimate the time it
takestotravelafamiliarroute.
The effect is caused by the way we allocate our attention. When we travel down
a well-known route, because we don’t have to concentrate much, time seems to flow
more quickly. And afterwards, when we come to think back on it, we can’t remember
the journey well because we didn’t pay much attention to it. So we assume it was
shorter.
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Supposeyour universityisgoingtohostasummercampfor highschoolstudents.
Writeanoticeto
1) brieflyintroducethecampactivities,and
2) callforvolunteers.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donot useyour nameorthenameofyour university.
Donot writeyour address.(10points)
PartB
48.Directions:
.14.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Writeanessaybasedonthefollowingchart.Inyour writing, you should
1) interpretthechart,and
2) giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
2015年考研英语二真题答案
.15.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.A 2.D 3.B 4.A 5.C 6.B 7.A 8.D 9.C 10.B
11.A 12.C 13.C 14.D 15.C 16.D 17.A 18.B 19.D 20.B
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 ABB C D Text2 26~30 C C CB D
Text3 31~35 DADAB Text4 36~40 B C ADA
PartB
41.D 42.E 43.G 44.A 45.C
PartC
46.
试想开车走一条非常熟悉的路。可以是上下班、进城或是回家的路。不管是哪条路，你
对每一处曲曲弯弯都了如指掌。在这种路上，很容易不专注于驾驶，很少注意沿途的景
色。结果你就觉得旅途所花的时间比实际的要短。
这就是熟路效应：人们走熟路时往往会低估所需的时间。
这种效应是由于我们分配注意力的方式造成的。我们走很熟的路时，由于不必非常专注，
时间似乎就过得快些。之后，我们回想起这段旅程时，由于当时没怎么注意，所以记得
不很清楚。这样，我们就觉得时间短了。
SectionIII Writing
47、48略
.16.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研p工as作tp室ap整er理s汇.c编n 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取


---

## 2014年 英语一 (来源: 2014-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2014 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
As many people hit middle age, they often start to notice that their memory
and mental clarity are not what they used to be. We suddenly can’t remember
1 we put the keys just a moment ago, or an old acquaintance’s name, or the
name of an old band we used to love. As the brain 2 , we refer to these
occurrences as “senior moments.” 3 seemingly innocent, this loss of mental
focus can potentially have a(n) 4 impact on our professional, social, and
personal 5 .
Neuroscientists, experts who study the nervous system, are increasingly
showing that there’s actually a lot that can be done. It 6 out that the brain
needs exercise in much the same way our muscles do, and the right mental
7 can significantly improve our basic cognitive 8 . Thinking is
essentially a 9 of making connections in the brain. To a certain extent, our
ability to 10 in making the connections that drive intelligence is
inherited.
11 , because these connections are made through effort and practice,
scientists believe that intelligence can expand and fluctuate 12 mental
effort.
Now, a new Web-based company has taken it a step 13 and developed
the first “brain training program” designed to actually help people improve and regain
their mental 14 .
The Web-based program 15 you to systematically improve your
memory and attention skills. The program keeps 16 of your progress and
provides detailed feedback 17 your performance and improvement. Most
importantly, it 18 modifies and enhances the games you play to 19 on
the strengths you are developing – much like a(n) 20 exercise routine
requires you to increase resistance and vary your muscle use.
1
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
1.[A] that [B] when [C] why [D] where
2.[A] fades [B] improves [C] collapses [D] recovers
3. [A] Unless [B] While [C] Once [D] If
4. [A] damaging [B] limited [C] uneven [D] obscure
5. [A] relationship [B] environment [C] wellbeing [D] outlook
6. [A] figures [B] finds [C] points [D] turns
7. [A] responses [B] associations [C] workouts [D] roundabouts
8. [A] genre [B] criterion [C] circumstances [D] functions
9. [A] channel [B] process [C] condition [D] sequence
10. [A] persist [B] feature [C] excel [D] believe
11. [A] However [B] Moreover [C] Otherwise [D] Therefore
12. [A] according to [B] regardless of [C] apart from [D] instead of
13. [A] back [B] further [C] aside [D] around
14. [A] framework [B] stability [C] flexibility [D] sharpness
15. [A] hurries [B] reminds [C] allows [D] forces
16. [A] order [B] track [C] pace [D] hold
17. [A] on [B] to [C] for [D] with
18. [A] habitually [B] constantly [C] irregularly [D] unusually
19. [A] carry [B] put [C] build [D] take
20. [A] idle [B] risky [C] familiar [D] effective
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing
A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
2
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 1
In order to “change lives for the better” and reduce “dependency”, George
Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, introduced the “upfront work search”
scheme. Only if the jobless arrive at the jobcentre with a CV, register for online job
search, and start looking for work will they be eligible for benefit – and then they
should report weekly rather than fortnightly. What could be more reasonable?
More apparent reasonableness followed. There will now be a seven-day wait
for the jobseeker’s allowance. “Those first few days should be spent looking for
work, not looking to sign on ,” he claimed. “We’re doing these things because we
know they help people stay off benefits and help those on benefits get into work
faster.” Help? Really? On first hearing, this was the socially concerned chancellor,
trying to change lives for the better, complete with “reforms” to an obviously
indulgent system that demands too little effort from the newly unemployed to find
work, and subsidises laziness. What motivated him, we were to understand, was his
zeal for “fundamental fairness” – protecting the taxpayer, controlling spending and
ensuring that only the most deserving claimants received their benefits.
Losing a job is hurting: you don’t skip down to the jobcentre with a song in your
heart, delighted at the prospect of doubling your income from the generous state. It is
financially terrifying, psychologically embarrassing and you know that support is
minimal and extraordinarily hard to get. You are now not wanted; you are now
excluded from the work environment that offers purpose and structure in your life.
Worse, the crucial income to feed yourself and your family and pay the bills has
disappeared. Ask anyone newly unemployed what they want and the answer is
always: a job.
But in Osborneland, your first instinct is to fall into dependency – permanent
dependency if you can get it – supported by a state only too ready to indulge your
falsehood. It is as though 20 years of ever-tougher reforms of the job search and
benefit administration system never happened. The principle of British welfare
is no longer that you can insure yourself against the risk of unemployment and
receive unconditional payments if the disaster happens. Even the very phrase
“jobseeker’s allowance” is about redefining the unemployed as a “jobseeker” who
had no fundamental right to a benefit he or she has earned through making
national insurance contributions. Instead, the claimant receives a time-limited
“allowance,” conditional on actively seeking a job; no entitlement and no
insurance, at £71.70 a week, one of the least generous in the EU.
3
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
21. George Osborne’s scheme was intended to
[A]encourage jobseekers’ active engagement in job seeking.
[B]provide the unemployed with easier access to benefits.
[C]guarantee jobseekers’ legitimate right to benefits.
[D]motivate the unemployed to report voluntarily.
22. The phrase “to sign on” (Line 3, Para. 2) most probably means
[A]to check on the availability of jobs at the jobcentre.
[B]to accept the government’s restrictions on the allowance.
[C]to register for an allowance from the government.
[D]to attend a governmental job-training program.
23. What prompted the chancellor to develop his scheme?
[A]A desire to secure a better life for all.
[B]An eagerness to protect the unemployed.
[C]An urge to be generous to the claimants.
[D]A passion to ensure fairness for taxpayers.
24. According to Paragraph 3, being unemployed makes one feel
[A]uneasy.
[B]insulted.
[C]enraged.
[D]guilty.
25. To which of the following would the author most probably agree?
[A]Unemployment benefits should not be made conditional.
[B]The British welfare system indulges jobseekers’ laziness.
[C]The jobseekers’ allowance has met their actual needs.
[D]Osborne’s reforms will reduce the risk of unemployment.
4
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 2
All around the world, lawyers generate more hostility than the members of
any other profession – with the possible exception of journalism. But there are
few places where clients have more grounds for complaint than America.
During the decade before the economic crisis, spending on legal services in
America grew twice as fast as inflation. The best lawyers made skyscrapers-full of
money, tempting ever more students to pile into law schools. But most law
graduates never get a big-firm job. Many of them instead become the kind of
nuisance-lawsuit filer that makes the tort system a costly nightmare.
There are many reasons for this. One is the excessive costs of a legal
education. There is just one path for a lawyer in most American states: a four-year
undergraduate degree in some unrelated subject, then a three-year law degree at
one of 200 law schools authorized by the American Bar Association and an
expensive preparation for the bar exam. This leaves today’s average law-school
graduate with $100,000 of debt on top of undergraduate debts. Law-school debt
means that they have to work fearsomely hard.
Reforming the system would help both lawyers and their customers. Sensible
ideas have been around for a long time, but the state-level bodies that govern the
profession have been too conservative to implement them. One idea is to allow people
to study law as an undergraduate degree. Another is to let students sit for the bar after
only two years of law school. If the bar exam is truly a stern enough test for a would-
be lawyer, those who can sit it earlier should be allowed to do so. Students who do not
need the extra training could cut their debt mountain by a third.
The other reason why costs are so high is the restrictive guild-like ownership
structure of the business. Except in the District of Columbia, non-lawyers may not
own any share of a law firm. This keeps fees high and innovation slow. There is
pressure for change from within the profession, but opponents of change among the
regulators insist that keeping outsiders out of a law firm isolates lawyers from the
pressure to make money rather than serve clients ethically.
In fact, allowing non-lawyers to own shares in law firms would reduce costs
and improve services to customers, by encouraging law firms to use technology
and to employ professional managers to focus on improving firms’ efficiency. After
all, other countries, such as Australia and Britain, have started liberalizing their legal
professions. America should follow.
5
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
26. A lot of students take up law as their profession due to
[A]the growing demand from clients.
[B]the increasing pressure of inflation.
[C]the prospect of working in big firms.
[D]the attraction of financial rewards.
27. Which of the following adds to the costs of legal education in most American
states?
[A]Higher tuition fees for undergraduate studies.
[B]Receiving training by professional associations.
[C]Admissions approval from the bar association.
[D]Pursuing a bachelor’s degree in another major.
28. Hindrance to the reform of the legal system originates from
[A]the rigid bodies governing the profession.
[B]lawyers’ and clients’ strong resistance.
[C]the stern exam for would-be lawyers.
[D]non-professionals’ sharp criticism.
29. The guild-like ownership structure is considered “restrictive” partly because it
[A]prevents lawyers from gaining due profits.
[B]bans outsiders’ involvement in the profession.
[C]aggravates the ethical situation in the trade.
[D]keeps lawyers from holding law-firm shares.
30. In this text, the author mainly discusses
[A]the factors that help make a successful lawyer in America.
[B]a problem in America’s legal profession and solutions to it.
[C]the role of undergraduate studies in America’s legal education.
[D]flawed ownership of America’s law firms and its causes.
6
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 3
The US$3-million Fundamental Physics Prize is indeed an interesting
experiment, as Alexander Polyakov said when he accepted this year’s award in
March. And it is far from the only one of its type. As a News Feature article in
Nature discusses, a string of lucrative awards for researchers have joined the
Nobel Prizes in recent years. Many, like the Fundamental Physics Prize, are funded
from the telephone-number-sized bank accounts of Internet entrepreneurs.These
benefactors have succeeded in their chosen fields, they say, and they want to use
their wealth to draw attention to those who have succeeded in science.
What’s not to like? Quite a lot, according to a handful of scientists quoted in the
News Feature. You cannot buy class, as the old saying goes, and these upstart
entrepreneurs cannot buy their prizes the prestige of the Nobels. The new awards
are an exercise in self-promotion for those behind them, say scientists. They could
distort the achievement-based system of peer-review-led research. They could cement
the status quo of peer-reviewed research. They do not fund peer-reviewed research.
They perpetuate the myth of the lone genius.
The goals of the prize-givers seem as scattered as the criticism. Some want to
shock, others to draw people into science, or to better reward those who have
made their careers in research.
As Nature has pointed out before, there are some legitimate concerns about
how science prizes – both new and old – are distributed. The Breakthrough Prize
in Life Sciences, launched this year, takes an unrepresentative view of what the
life sciences include. But the Nobel Foundation’s limit of three recipients per
prize, each of whom must still be living, has long been outgrown by the
collaborative nature of modern research – as will be demonstrated by the
inevitable row over who is ignored when it comes to acknowledging the discovery
of the Higgs boson. The Nobels were, of course, themselves set up by a very rich
individual who had decided what he wanted to do with his own money. Time,
rather than intention, has given them legitimacy.
As much as some scientists may complain about the new awards, two things
seem clear. First, most researchers would accept such a prize if they were offered
one. Second, it is surely a good thing that the money and attention come to science
rather than go elsewhere. It is fair to criticize and question the mechanism– that
is the culture of research, after all – but it is the prize-givers’ money to do with as they
please. It is wise to take such gifts with gratitude and grace.
7
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
31. The Fundamental Physics Prize is seen as
[A]a symbol of the entrepreneurs’ wealth.
[B]a handsome reward for researchers.
[C]a possible replacement of the Nobel Prizes.
[D]an example of bankers’ investments.
32. The critics think that the new awards will most benefit
[A]the profit-oriented scientists.
[B]the achievement-based system.
[C]the founders of the new awards.
[D]peer-review-led research.
33. The discovery of the Higgs boson is a typical case which involves
[A]legitimate concerns over the new prizes.
[B]controversies over the recipients’ status.
[C]the joint effort of modern researchers.
[D]the demonstration of research findings.
34. According to Paragraph 4, which of the following is true of the Nobels?
[A]History has never cast doubt on them.
[B]Their endurance has done justice to them.
[C]They are the most representative honor.
[D]Their legitimacy has long been in dispute.
35. The author believes that the new awards are
[A]unworthy of public attention.
[B]subject to undesirable changes.
[C]harmful to the culture of research.
[D]acceptable despite the criticism.
8
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 4
“The Heart of the Matter,” the just-released report by the American Academy
of Arts and Sciences (AAAS), deserves praise for affirming the importance of the
humanities and social sciences to the prosperity and security of liberal democracy
in America. Regrettably, however, the report’s failure to address the true nature of
the crisis facing liberal education may cause more harm than good.
In 2010, leading congressional Democrats and Republicans sent letters to the
AAAS asking that it identify actions that could be taken by “federal, state and local
governments, universities, foundations, educators, individual benefactors and others”
to “maintain national excellence in humanities and social scientific scholarship
and education.” In response, the American Academy formed the Commission
on the Humanities and Social Sciences. Among the commission’s 51 members are
top-tier-university presidents, scholars, lawyers, judges, and business executives,
as well as prominent figures from diplomacy, filmmaking, music and journalism.
The goals identified in the report are generally admirable. Because
representative government presupposes an informed citizenry, the report supports
full literacy; stresses the study of history and government, particularly American
history and American government; and encourages the use of new digital
technologies. To encourage innovation and competition, the report calls for
increased investment in research, the crafting of coherent curricula that improve
students’ ability to solve problems and communicate effectively in the 21st century,
increased funding for teachers and the encouragement of scholars to bring their
learning to bear on the great challenges of the day. The report also advocates greater
study of foreign languages, international affairs and the expansion of study abroad
programs.
Unfortunately, despite 21/2 years in the making, “The Heart of the Matter”
never gets to the heart of the matter: the illiberal nature of liberal education at our
leading colleges and universities. The commission ignores that for several decades
America’s colleges and universities have produced graduates who don’t know the
content and character of liberal education and are thus deprived of its benefits.
Sadly, the spirit of inquiry once at home on campus has been replaced by the use
of the humanities and social sciences as vehicles for publicizing “progressive,” or
left-liberal propaganda.
Today, professors routinely treat the progressive interpretation of history and
progressive public policy as the proper subject of study while portraying conservative
or classical liberal ideas – such as free markets and self-reliance – as falling
outside the boundaries of routine, and sometimes legitimate, intellectual investigation.
The AAAS displays great enthusiasm for liberal education. Yet its report may
well set back reform by obscuring the depth and breadth of the challenge that
Congress asked it to illuminate.
9
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
36. According to Paragraph 1, what is the author’s attitude toward the AAAS’s report?
[A]Critical.
[B]Appreciative.
[C]Contemptuous.
[D]Tolerant.
37. Influential figures in the Congress required that the AAAS report on how to
[A]define the government’s role in education.
[B]safeguard individuals’ rights to education.
[C]retain people’s interest in liberal education.
[D]keep a leading position in liberal education.
38. According to Paragraph 3, the report suggests
[A]an exclusive study of American history.
[B]a greater emphasis on theoretical subjects.
[C]the application of emerging technologies.
[D]funding for the study of foreign languages.
39. The author implies in Paragraph 5 that professors are
[A]supportive of free markets.
[B]conservative about public policy.
[C]biased against classical liberal ideas.
[D]cautious about intellectual investigation.
40. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]Ways to Grasp “The Heart of the Matter”
[B]Illiberal Education and “The Heart of the Matter”
[C]The AAAS’s Contribution to Liberal Education
[D]Progressive Policy vs. Liberal Education
10
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Part B
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For Questions 41-45, you
are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from
the list A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs A and E have
been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
[A] Some archaeological sites have always been easily observable – for example,
the Parthenon in Athens, Greece; the pyramids of Giza in Egypt; and the
megaliths of Stonehenge in southern England. But these sites are exceptions
to the norm. Most archaeological sites have been located by means of careful
searching, while many others have been discovered by accident. Olduvai Gorge,
an early hominid site in Tanzania, was found by a butterfly hunter who literally
fell into its deep valley in 1911. Thousands of Aztec artifacts came to light
during the digging of the Mexico City subway in the 1970s.
[B] In another case, American archaeologists René Million and George Cowgill
spent years systematically mapping the entire city of Teotihuacán in the
Valley of Mexico near what is now Mexico City. At its peak around AD 600,
this city was one of the largest human settlements in the world. The
researchers mapped not only the city’s vast and ornate ceremonial areas, but
also hundreds of simpler apartment complexes where common people lived.
[C] How do archaeologists know where to find what they are looking for when
there is nothing visible on the surface of the ground? Typically, they survey
and sample (make test excavations on) large areas of terrain to determine
where excavation will yield useful information. Surveys and test samples have
also become important for understanding the larger landscapes that contain
archaeological sites.
[D] Surveys can cover a single large settlement or entire landscapes. In one case,
many researchers working around the ancient Maya city of Copán, Honduras,
have located hundreds of small rural villages and individual dwellings by
using aerial photographs and by making surveys on foot. The resulting
settlement maps show how the distribution and density of the rural population
around the city changed dramatically between AD 500 and 850, when Copán
collapsed.
11
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
[E] To find their sites, archaeologists today rely heavily on systematic survey
methods and a variety of high-technology tools and techniques. Airborne
technologies, such as different types of radar and photographic equipment
carried by airplanes or spacecraft, allow archaeologists to learn about what
lies beneath the ground without digging. Aerial surveys locate general areas
of interest or larger buried features, such as ancient buildings or fields.
[F] Most archaeological sites, however, are discovered by archaeologists who
have set out to look for them. Such searches can take years. British
archaeologist Howard Carter knew that the tomb of the Egyptian pharaoh
Tutankhamun existed from information found in other sites. Carter sifted
through rubble in the Valley of the Kings for seven years before he located
the tomb in 1922. In the late 1800s British archaeologist Sir Arthur Evans
combed antique dealers’ stores in Athens, Greece. He was searching for tiny
engraved seals attributed to the ancient Mycenaean culture that dominated
Greece from the 1400s to 1200s BC. Evans’s interpretations of these
engravings eventually led him to find the Minoan palace at Knossos (Knosós),
on the island of Crete, in 1900.
[G] Ground surveys allow archaeologists to pinpoint the places where digs will be
successful. Most ground surveys involve a lot of walking, looking for surface
clues such as small fragments of pottery. They often include a certain amount
of digging to test for buried materials at selected points across a landscape.
Archaeologists also may locate buried remains by using such technologies as
ground radar, magnetic-field recording, and metal detectors. Archaeologists
commonly use computers to map sites and the landscapes around sites. Two-
and three-dimensional maps are helpful tools in planning excavations,
illustrating how sites look, and presenting the results of archaeological
research.
→ → → → → →
41. A 4 E 43. 44. 45.
12
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
Music means different things to different people and sometimes even
different things to the same person at different moments of his life. It might be
poetic, philosophical, sensual, or mathematical, but in any case it must, in my
view, have something to do with the soul of the human being. Hence it is
metaphysical; but the means of expression is purely and exclusively physical: sound.
I believe it is precisely this permanent coexistence of metaphysical message
through physical means that is the strength of music. (46) It is also the reason why
when we try to describe music with words, all we can do is articulate our reactions
to it , and not grasp music itself .
Beethoven’s importance in music has been principally defined by the
revolutionary nature of his compositions. He freed music from hitherto prevailing
conventions of harmony and structure. Sometimes I feel in his late works a will to
break all signs of continuity. The music is abrupt and seemingly disconnected, as
in the last piano sonata. In musical expression, he did not feel restrained by the weight
of convention. (47) By all accounts he was a freethinking person, and a courageous
one, and I find courage an essential quality for the understanding, let alone the
performance, of his works .
This courageous attitude in fact becomes a requirement for the performers of
Beethoven’s music. His compositions demand the performer to show courage, for
example in the use of dynamics. (48) Beethoven’s habit of increasing the volume
with an extreme intensity and then abruptly following it with a sudden soft
passage was only rarely used by composers before him .
Beethoven was a deeply political man in the broadest sense of the word. He was
not interested in daily politics, but concerned with questions of moral behavior
and the larger questions of right and wrong affecting the entire society.
(49) Especially significant was his view of freedom, which, for him, was associated
with the rights and responsibilities of the individual: he advocated freedom of thought
and of personal expression.
Beethoven’s music tends to move from chaos to order as if order were an
imperative of human existence. For him, order does not result from forgetting or
ignoring the disorders that plague our existence; order is a necessary development, an
improvement that may lead to the Greek ideal of spiritual elevation. It is not by
chance that the Funeral March is not the last movement of the Eroica Symphony,
but the second, so that suffering does not have the last word. (50) One could
interpret much of the work of Beethoven by saying that suffering is inevitable, but the
courage to fight it renders life worth living .
13
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section Ⅲ Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
Write a letter of about 100 words to the president of your university,
suggesting how to improve students’ physical condition.
You should include the details you think necessary.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your
essay, you should
1) describe the drawing briefly,
2) interpret its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
14
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
2014年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.D 2.A 3.B 4.A 5.C 6.D 7.C 8.D 9.B 10.C
11.A 12.A 13.B 14.D 15.C 16.B 17.A 18.B 19.C 20.D
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 A C D A A Text 2 26~30 D D A B B
Text 3 31~35 B C C B D Text 4 36~40 A D C C B
Part B
41.C 42.F 43.G 44.D 45.B
Part C
46. 这也解释了为什么当我们试图用语言去描述音乐的时候，充其量只能是说
清楚自己的感受，而无法抓住音乐本身。
47. 总而言之，他是一个思想不受束缚的人，而且是一个富有勇气的人。我认
为勇气是理解——更是演奏——其作品不可或缺的品格。
48. 贝多芬惯以超凡的力度加大音响，随后突然进入一个意想不到的柔和乐段，
这种手法在前人的作品中极为罕见。
49. 尤具深意的是他的自由观，在他看来自由关系到个人的权利和责任：他主
张思想和个人表达的自由。
50. 苦难是不可避免的，但与之抗争的勇气正是生活的意义所在。对贝多芬的
诸多作品，我们都可做此解读。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
15
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取


---

## 2014年 英语二 (来源: 2014-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2014 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
1
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Readthefollowingtext.Choosethebestword(s)for eachnumbered blank andmark
A,B,CorDontheANSWER SHEET.(10points)
Thinner isn’t always better. A number of studies have 1 that normal-
weight people are in fact at higher risk of some diseases compared to those who
are overweight. And there are health conditions for which being overweight is
actually 2 . For example, heavier women are less likely to develop calcium
deficiency than thin women. 3 , among the elderly, being somewhat overweight
isoftenan 4 ofgoodhealth.
Of even greater 5 is the fact that obesity turns out to be very difficult to
define.It isoften defined 6 body mass index, or BMI. BMI 7 body mass
divided by the square of height. An adult with a BMI of 18 to 25 is often considered
to be normal weight. Between 25 and 30 is overweight. And over 30 is considered
obese. Obesity, 8 , can be divided into moderately obese, severely obese, and
veryseverelyobese.
While such numerical standards seem 9 , they are not. Obesity is
probably less a matter of weight than body fat. Some people with a high BMI are in
fact extremely fit, 10 others with a low BMI may be in poor 11 . For example,
many collegiate and professional football players 12 as obese, though their
percentage body fat is low. Conversely, someone with a small frame may have high
bodyfatbuta 13 BMI.
Today we have a(n) 14 to label obesity as a disgrace. The overweight
are sometimes 15 in the media with their faces covered. Stereotypes 16
with obesity include laziness, lack of will power, and lower prospects for success.
Teachers, employers, and health professionals have been shown to harbor biases
against the obese. 17 very young children tend to look down on the
overweight,andteasingaboutbodybuildhaslongbeenaprobleminschools.
Negative attitudes toward obesity, 18 in health concerns, have
stimulated a number of anti-obesity 19 . My own hospital system has banned
sugary drinks from its facilities. Many employers have instituted weight loss and
fitness initiatives. Michelle Obama has launched a high-visibility campaign 20
childhoodobesity,evenclaimingthatitrepresentsourgreatestnationalsecuritythreat.
2
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]denied [B]concluded [C]doubted [D]ensured
2.[A]protective [B]dangerous [C]sufficient [D]troublesome
3.[A]Instead [B]However [C]Likewise [D]Therefore
4.[A]indicator [B]objective [C]origin [D]example
5.[A]impact [B]relevance [C]assistance [D]concern
6.[A]intermsof [B]incaseof [C]infavorof [D]inrespectsof
7.[A]measures [B]determines [C]equals [D]modifies
8.[A]inessence [B]incontrast [C]inturn [D]inpart
9.[A]complicated [B]conservative [C]variable [D]straightforward
10.[A]so [B]while [C]since [D]unless
11.[A]shape [B]spirit [C]balance [D]taste
12.[A]start [B]qualify [C]retire [D]stay
13.[A]strange [B]changeable [C]normal [D]constant
14.[A]option [B]reason [C]opportunity [D]tendency
15.[A]employed [B]pictured [C]imitated [D]monitored
16.[A]compared [B]combined [C]settled [D]associated
17.[A]Even [B]Still [C]Yet [D]Only
18.[A]despised [B]corrected [C]ignored [D]grounded
19.[A]discussions [B]businesses [C]policies [D]studies
20.[A]for [B]against [C]with [D]without
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsaftereachtextbychoosingA,
B,CorD.MarkyouranswersontheANSWERSHEET.(40points)
3
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Whatwould youdo with$590m? Thisisnowaquestion for Gloria MacKenzie,
an 84-year-old widow who recently emerged from her small, tin-roofed house in
Florida to collect the biggest undivided lottery jackpot in history. If she hopes her
new-found fortune will yield lasting feelings of fulfilment, she could do worse than
readHappyMoneybyElizabeth Dunn and Michael Norton.
These two academics use an array of behavioral research to show that the
most rewarding ways to spend money can be counterintuitive. Fantasies of great
wealth often involve visions of fancy cars and extravagant homes. Yet satisfaction
with these material purchases wears off fairly quickly. What was once exciting
and new becomes old-hat; regret creeps in. It is far better to spend money on
experiences, say Ms Dunn and Mr Norton, like interesting trips, unique meals or
even going to the cinema. These purchases often become more valuable with time
– as stories or memories – particularly if they involve feeling more connected to
others.
This slim volume is packed with tips to help wage slaves as well as lottery
winners get the most “happiness bang for your buck.” It seems most people would
be better off if they could shorten their commutes to work, spend more time with
friends and family and less of it watching television (something the average
American spends a whopping two months a year doing, and is hardly jollier for it).
Buying gifts or giving to charity is often more pleasurable than purchasing things
for oneself, and luxuries are most enjoyable when they are consumed sparingly.
This is apparently the reason McDonald’s restricts the availability of its popular
McRib – a marketing trick that has turned the pork sandwich into an object of
obsession.
Readers of Happy Money are clearly a privileged lot, anxious about fulfilment,
not hunger. Money may not quite buy happiness, but people in wealthier countries
are generally happier than those in poor ones. Yet the link between feeling good
and spending money on others can be seen among rich and poor people around the
world, and scarcity enhances the pleasure of most things for most people. Not
everyone will agree with the authors’ policy ideas, which range from mandating
more holiday time to reducing tax incentives for American homebuyers. But most
peoplewillcomeawayfromthisbookbelievingitwasmoneywell spent.
4
pastpapers.cn
21. AccordingtoDunnandNorton,whichofthefollowingisthemostrewarding
purchase?
[A]Abighouse.
[B]Aspecialtour.
[C]Astylishcar.
[D]Arichmeal.
22. Theauthor’sattitudetowardAmericans’watchingTVis .
[A]critical
[B]supportive
[C]sympathetic
[D]ambiguous
23.McRibismentionedinParagraph3toshowthat .
[A]consumersaresometimesirrational
[B]popularityusuallycomesafterquality
[C]marketingtricksareofteneffective
[D]raritygenerallyincreasespleasure
24.Accordingtothelastparagraph,HappyMoney .
[A]hasleftmuchroomfor readers’criticism
[B]mayprovetobeaworthwhilepurchase
[C]haspredictedawiderincomegapintheUS
[D]maygiveitsreadersasenseofachievement
25.Thistextmainlydiscusseshowto .
[A]balancefeelinggood andspendingmoney
[B]spendlargesumsofmoneywoninlotteries
[C]obtainlastingsatisfactionfrommoneyspent
[D]becomemorereasonableinspendingonluxuries
5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
An article in Scientific American has pointed out that empirical research says
that, actually, you think you’re more beautiful than you are. We have a deep-
seated need to feel good about ourselves and we naturally employ a number of
self-enhancing strategies to achieve this. Social psychologists have amassed oceans
of research into what they call the “above average effect”, or “illusory superiority”,
and shown that, for example, 70% of us rate ourselves as above average in
leadership, 93% in driving and 85% at getting on well with others – all obviously
statistical impossibilities.
We rose-tint our memories and put ourselves into self-affirming situations.
We become defensive when criticised, and apply negative stereotypes to others to
boostourownesteem.Westalkaroundthinkingwe’rehotstuff.
Psychologist andbehavioural scientist Nicholas Epley oversawa key study into
self-enhancement and attractiveness. Rather than have people simply rate their
beauty compared with others, he asked them to identify an original photograph of
themselves from a lineup including versions that had been altered to appear more
andless attractive. Visualrecognition, reads thestudy,is “an automatic psychological
process, occurring rapidly and intuitively with little or no apparent conscious
deliberation”. If the subjects quickly chose a falsely flattering image – which most
did–they genuinely believed it was really how they looked.
Epley found no significant gender difference in responses. Nor was there any
evidence that those who self-enhanced the most (that is, the participants who
thought the most positively doctored pictures were real) were doing so to make up
for profound insecurities. In fact, those who thought that the images higher up the
attractiveness scale were real directly corresponded with those who showed other
markers for having higher self-esteem. “I don’t think the findings that we have are
any evidence of personal delusion,” says Epley. “It’s a reflection simply of people
generally thinking well of themselves.” If you are depressed, you won’t be self-
enhancing.
Knowing the results of Epley’s study, it makes sense that many people hate
photographs of themselves viscerally – on one level, they don’t even recognise the
personinthepictureasthemselves. Facebook,therefore, isaself-enhancer’s paradise,
where people can share only the most flattering photos, the cream of their wit,
style, beauty, intellect and lifestyles. It’s not that people’s profiles are dishonest, says
Catalina Toma of Wisconsin-Madison University, “but they portray an idealised
version of themselves.”
6
pastpapers.cn
26.Accordingtothefirstparagraph,socialpsychologistshavefound that .
[A]ourself-ratingsareunrealisticallyhigh
[B]illusorysuperiorityisabaselesseffect
[C]ourneedfor leadershipisunnatural
[D]self-enhancingstrategiesareineffective
27.Visualrecognitionisbelievedtobepeople’s .
[A]rapidmatching
[B]consciouschoice
[C]intuitive response
[D]automaticself-defence
28.Epleyfound thatpeoplewithhigherself-esteemtendedto .
[A]underestimatetheirinsecurities
[B]believeintheirattractiveness
[C]coveruptheirdepressions
[D]oversimplifytheirillusions
29.Theword“viscerally”(Line2,Para.5)isclosestinmeaningto .
[A]instinctively
[B]occasionally
[C]particularly
[D]aggressively
30. ItcanbeinferredthatFacebookisaself-enhancer’s paradise because people
can .
[A]presenttheirdishonestprofiles
[B]definetheirtraditionallifestyles
[C]sharetheirintellectualpursuits
[D]withholdtheirunflatteringsides
7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
Theconceptof man versusmachineisatleastasold as the industrial revolution,
but this phenomenon tends to be most acutely felt during economic downturns and
fragile recoveries. And yet, it would be a mistake to think we are right now simply
experiencing thepainful sideof aboom andbust cycle. Certain jobshave gone away
for good, outmoded by machines. Since technology has such an insatiable appetite
for eating up human jobs, this phenomenon will continue to restructure our economy
inwayswecannotimmediatelyforesee.
When there is rapid improvement in the price and performance of technology,
jobs that were once thought to be immune from automation suddenly become
threatened. This argument has attracted a lot of attention, via the success of the
book Race Against the Machine, by Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee, who
bothhailfrom MIT’sCenterfor DigitalBusiness.
This is a powerful argument, and a scary one. And yet, John Hagel, author of
The Power of Pull and other books, says Brynjolfsson and McAfee miss the
reasonwhy thesejobsaresovulnerabletotechnology inthefirst place.
Hagel says we have designed jobs in the U.S. that tend to be “tightly scripted”
and “highly standardized” ones that leave no room for “individual initiative or
creativity”. In short, these are the types of jobs that machines can perform much
better at than human beings. That is how we have put a giant target sign on the
backsofAmericanworkers,Hagel says.
It’s time to reinvent the formula for how work is conducted, since we are still
relying on a very 20th century notion of work, Hagel says. In our rapidly changing
economy, we more than ever need people in the workplace who can take initiative
and exercise their imagination “to respond to unexpected events”. That is not
something machines are good at. They are designed to perform very predictable
activities.
As Hagel notes, Brynjolfsson and McAfee indeed touched on this point in
their book. We need to reframe race against the machine as race with the machine.
In other words, we need to look at the ways in which machines can augment
humanlaborratherthanreplaceit.Sothentheproblemisnot really abouttechnology,
butrather,“howdoweinnovateourinstitutionsand our workpractices?”
8
pastpapers.cn
31. Accordingtothefirstparagraph,economicdownturnswould .
[A]easethecompetitionofmanvs.machine
[B]highlightmachines’threattohumanjobs
[C]provokeapainful technologicalrevolution
[D]outmodeourcurrenteconomicstructure
32. TheauthorsofRaceAgainsttheMachinearguethat .
[A]technology isdiminishingman’sjobopportunities
[B]automationisacceleratingtechnologicaldevelopment
[C]certainjobswillremainintactafterautomation
[D]manwillfinallywintheraceagainstmachine
33. HagelarguesthatjobsintheU.S.areoften .
[A]performedbyinnovativeminds
[B]scriptedwithanindividualstyle
[C]standardizedwithoutacleartarget
[D]designedagainsthumancreativity
34. Accordingtothelastparagraph,BrynjolfssonandMcAfeediscussed .
[A]thepredictabilityofmachinebehaviorinpractice
[B]theformulafor howworkisconductedefficiently
[C]thewaysmachinesreplacehumanlaborinmoderntimes
[D]thenecessityofhumaninvolvementintheworkplace
35. Whichofthefollowingcouldbethemostappropriatetitlefor thetext?
[A]HowtoInnovateOurWorkPractices?
[B]MachinesWillReplaceHumanLabor
[C]CanWeWintheRaceAgainstMachines?
[D]EconomicDownturnsStimulateInnovations
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
When the government talks about infrastructure contributing to the economy
the focus is usually on roads, railways, broadband and energy. Housing is seldom
mentioned.
Why is that? To some extent the housing sector must shoulder the blame. We
have not been good at communicating the real value that housing can contribute to
economic growth. Then there is the scale of the typical housing project. It is hard
to shove for attention among multibillion-pound infrastructure projects, so it is
inevitable that the attention is focused elsewhere. But perhaps the most significant
reasonisthattheissuehasalwaysbeensopoliticallycharged.
Nevertheless,theaffordablehousingsituationisdesperate. Waiting listsincrease
allthetimeandwearesimplynotbuildingenoughnewhomes.
The comprehensive spending review offers an opportunity for the government
to help rectify this. It needs to put historical prejudices to one side and take some
stepstoaddressoururgenthousing need.
Therearesomeindicationsthatitispreparingto do just that. The communities
minister, Don Foster, has hinted that George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer,
may introduce more flexibility to the current cap on the amount that local
authorities can borrow against their housing stock debt. Evidence shows that 60,000
extra new homes could be built over the next five years if the cap were lifted,
increasingGDPby0.6%.
Ministersshouldalso lookatcreatinggreatercertaintyinthe rental environment,
which would have a significant impact on the ability of registered providers to fund
newdevelopmentsfromrevenues.
But it is not just down to the government. While these measures would be
welcome in the short term, we must face up to the fact that the existing £ 4.5bn
programme of grants to fund new affordable housing, set to expire in 2015, is
unlikely to be extended beyond then. The Labour party has recently announced
thatitwillretainalargepartof thecoalition’sspending plans if it returns to power.
Thehousing sectorneeds to accept thatwe arevery unlikely toever return to the era
of large-scale public grants. We need to adjust to this changing climate.
While the government’s commitment to long-term funding may have changed,
the very pressing need for more affordable housing is real and is not going away.
10
pastpapers.cn
36. Theauthorbelievesthatthehousingsector .
[A]hasattractedmuchattention
[B]involvescertainpoliticalfactors
[C]shoulderstoomuchresponsibility
[D]haslostitsrealvalueineconomy
37. Itcanbelearnedthataffordablehousinghas .
[A]increaseditshomesupply
[B]offeredspendingopportunities
[C]sufferedgovernmentbiases
[D]disappointedthegovernment
38.AccordingtoParagraph5,GeorgeOsbornemay .
[A]allowgreatergovernmentdebtforhousing
[B]stoplocalauthoritiesfrombuildinghomes
[C]preparetoreducehousingstockdebt
[D]releasealiftedGDPgrowthforecast
39. Itcanbeinferredthatastablerentalenvironmentwould .
[A]lowerthecostsofregisteredproviders
[B]lessentheimpactofgovernmentinterference
[C]contributetofundingnewdevelopments
[D]relievetheministersofresponsibilities
40. Theauthorbelievesthatafter2015,thegovernmentmay .
[A]implementmorepoliciestosupporthousing
[B]reviewtheneedfor large-scalepublicgrants
[C]renewtheaffordablehousinggrantsprogramme
[D]stopgenerousfundingtothehousingsector
11
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and match each of the numbered items in the left column
to its corresponding information in the right column. There are two extra choices
intherightcolumn.Markyour answersontheANSWERSHEERT.(10points)
Emerging in the late Sixties and reaching a peak in the Seventies, Land Art
was one of a range of new forms, including Body Art, Performance Art, Action
Art and Installation Art, which pushed art beyond the traditional confines of the
studio and gallery. Rather than portraying landscape, land artists used the physical
substanceofthelanditselfastheirmedium.
The British land art, typified by Richard Long’s piece, was not only more
domestically scaled, but a lot quirkier than its American counterpart. Indeed,
while you might assume that an exhibition of Land Art would consist only of
records of works rather than the works themselves, Long’s photograph of his work
isthework.Sincehis“action”isinthepast,the photograph is its sole embodiment.
That might seem rather an obscure point, but it sets the tone for an exhibition
thatcontainsalotofblack-and-whitephotographsandrelatively few natural objects.
Long is Britain’s best-known Land Artist and his Stone Circle, a perfect ring
of purplish rocks from Portishead beach laid out on the gallery floor, represents
the elegant, rarefied side of the form. The Boyle Family, on the other hand, stand
for its dirty, urban aspect. Comprising artists Mark Boyle and Joan Hills and their
children, they recreated random sections of the British landscape on gallery walls.
Their Olaf Street Study, a square of brick-strewn waste ground, is one of the few
works here to embrace the commonplaceness that characterises most of our
experience of the landscape most of the time.
Parks feature, particularly in the earlier works, such as John Hilliard’s very
funny Across the Park, in which a long-haired stroller is variously smiled at by a
pretty girl and unwittingly assaulted in a sequence of images that turn out to be
differentpartsofthesame photograph.
Generally however British land artists preferred to get away from towns,
gravitating towards landscapes that are traditionally considered beautiful such as
the Lake District or the Wiltshire Downs. While it probably wasn’t apparent at the
time, much of this work is permeated by a spirit of romantic escapism that the
likes of Wordsworth would have readily understood. Derek Jarman’s yellow-tinted
film Towards Avebury, a collection of long, mostly still shots of the Wiltshire
landscape, evokes a tradition of English landscape painting stretching from Samuel
PalmertoPaulNash.
In the case of Hamish Fulton, you can’t help feeling that the Scottish artist
has simply found a way of making his love of walking pay. A typical work, such as
12
pastpapers.cn
Seven Days, consists of a single beautiful black-and-white photograph taken on an
epic walk, with the mileage and number of days taken listed beneath. British Land
Art as shown in this well selected, but relatively modestly scaled exhibition wasn’t
about imposing on the landscape, more a kind of landscape-orientated light
conceptual art created passing through. It had its origins in the great outdoors, but
the results were as gallery-bound as the paintings of Turner and Constable.
[A]originatesfromalongwalkthattheartist
took.
41.StoneCircle [B]illustrates akindof landscape-orientated
lightconceptualart.
42.OlafStreetStudy [C]remindspeopleoftheEnglishlandscape
paintingtradition.
43.AcrossthePark [D]representstheeleganceoftheBritishland
art.
44.TowardsAvebury [E]depictstheordinarysideoftheBritish
landart.
45.SevenDays [F] embodiesaromanticescapeintothe
Scottishoutdoors.
[G]containsimagesfrom differentpartsofthe
samephotograph.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46.Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
Most people would define optimism as being endlessly happy, with a glass
that’s perpetually half full. But that’s exactly the kind of false cheerfulness that
positive psychologists wouldn’t recommend. “Healthy optimism means being in
touch with reality,” says Tal Ben-Shahar, a Harvard professor. According to Ben-
Shahar, realisticoptimistsarethosewho makethe bestof thingsthat happen, but not
those who believe everything happens for the best.
Ben-Shahar uses three optimistic exercises. When he feels down – say, after
giving a bad lecture – he grants himself permission to be human. He reminds
himself that not every lecture can be a Nobel winner; some will be less effective
than others. Next is reconstruction. He analyzes the weak lecture, learning lessons
for the future about what works and what doesn’t. Finally, there is perspective,
which involves acknowledging that in the grand scheme of life, one lecture really
doesn’t matter.
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Suppose you are going to study abroad and share an apartment with John, a
localstudent.Writehimanemail to
1) tellhimaboutyour livinghabits, and
2)askforadviceaboutlivingthere.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsontheANSWERSHEET.
Donotuseyour ownname.Use“LiMing”instead.
Donotwriteyour address.(10points)
14
pastpapers.cn
PartB
48.Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthefollowingchart.In yourwriting, you should
1)interpretthechart,and
2)giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteabout150wordsontheANSWERSHEET.(15points)
20 年间中国城镇人口与乡村人口变化图
15
pastpapers.cn
2014年英语二真题答案
SectionⅠUseof English
1.B 2.A 3.C 4.A 5.D 6.A 7.C 8.C 9.D 10.B
11.A 12.B 13.C 14.D 15.B 16.D 17.A 18.D 19.C 20.B
SectionⅡReadingComprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 BAD BC Text2 26~30 ACB AD
Text3 31~35 BAD DC Text4 36~40 BC AC D
PartB
41.D 42.E 43.G 44.C 45.A
PartC
46.
大多数人都会把乐观定义为永远快乐，觉得杯子里总有半杯水。但这恰恰不是真正
的快乐，积极心理学家们并不提倡。哈佛大学教授TalBen-Shahar说：“健康的乐观意味
着不脱离现实。”按照Ben-Shahar的说法，现实的乐观主义者是那些不管发生什么事情
都力求从中得到最大收获的人，而不是那些指望凡事都有最好结局的人。
Ben-Shahar运用三种方法保持乐观。当他情绪低落时——比如说一次课没讲好——
他宽容自己，承认自己是凡人。他提醒自己，不是每堂课都有获诺贝尔奖的水准；总会
有一些课的效果不如别的课。第二种方法时回顾。他分析讲得不好的课，为以后汲取有
用的经验和失败的教训。最后，还有视角问题，要认识到在宏大的生命长卷里，一堂课
真的不算什么。
Section II Writing
47、48略
16
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2013年 英语一 (来源: 2013-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2013 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
1
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
People are, on the whole, poor at considering background information when
making individual decisions. At first glance this might seem like a strength that
1 the ability to make judgments which are unbiased by 2 factors. But Dr
Uri Simonsohn speculated that an inability to consider the big 3 was leading
decision-makers to be biased by the daily samples of information they were working
with. 4 , he theorised that a judge 5 of appearing too soft 6 crime
might be more likely to send someone to prison 7 he had already sentenced five
or six other defendants only to forced community service on that day.
To 8 this idea, he turned to the university-admissions process. In theory,
the 9 of an applicant should not depend on the few others 10 randomly for
interview during the same day, but Dr Simonsohn suspected the truth was 11 .
He studied the results of 9,323 MBA interviews 12 by 31 admissions
officers. The interviewers had 13 applicants on a scale of one to five. This
scale 14 numerous factors into consideration. The scores were 15 used in
conjunction with an applicant’s score on the Graduate Management Admission Test, or
GMAT, a standardised exam which is 16 out of 800 points, to make a decision
on whether to accept him or her.
Dr Simonsohn found if the score of the previous candidate in a daily series of
interviewees was 0.75 points or more higher than that of the one 17 that, then
the score for the next applicant would 18 by an average of 0.075 points. This
might sound small, but to 19 the effects of such a decrease a candidate would
need 30 more GMAT points than would otherwise have been 20 .
2
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
1. [A] grants [B] submits [C] transmits [D] delivers
2. [A] minor [B] external [C] crucial [D] objective
3. [A] issue [B] vision [C] picture [D] moment
4. [A] Above all [B] On average [C] In principle [D] For example
5. [A] fond [B] fearful [C] capable [D] thoughtless
6. [A] in [B] for [C] to [D] on
7. [A] if [B] until [C] though [D] unless
8. [A] test [B] emphasize [C] share [D] promote
9. [A] decision [B] quality [C] status [D] success
10. [A] found [B] studied [C] chosen [D] identified
11. [A] otherwise [B] defensible [C] replaceable [D] exceptional
12. [A] inspired [B] expressed [C] conducted [D] secured
13. [A] assigned [B] rated [C] matched [D] arranged
14. [A] put [B] got [C] took [D] gave
15. [A] instead [B] then [C] ever [D] rather
16. [A] selected [B] passed [C] marked [D] introduced
17. [A] below [B] after [C] above [D] before
18. [A] jump [B] float [C] fluctuate [D] drop
19. [A] achieve [B] undo [C] maintain [D] disregard
20. [A] necessary [B] possible [C] promising [D] helpful
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing
A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
3
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 1
In the 2006 film version of The Devil Wears Prada, Miranda Priestly, played by
Meryl Streep, scolds her unattractive assistant for imagining that high fashion doesn’t
affect her. Priestly explains how the deep blue color of the assistant’s sweater
descended over the years from fashion shows to department stores and to the bargain
bin in which the poor girl doubtless found her garment.
This top-down conception of the fashion business couldn’t be more out of
date or at odds with the feverish world described in Overdressed, Elizabeth Cline’s
three-year indictment of “fast fashion”. In the last decade or so, advances in
technology have allowed mass-market labels such as Zara, H&M, and Uniqlo to react
to trends more quickly and anticipate demand more precisely. Quicker turnarounds
mean less wasted inventory, more frequent releases, and more profit. These labels
encourage style-conscious consumers to see clothes as disposable – meant to last only
a wash or two, although they don’t advertise that – and to renew their wardrobe every
few weeks. By offering on-trend items at dirt-cheap prices, Cline argues, these brands
have hijacked fashion cycles, shaking an industry long accustomed to a seasonal pace.
The victims of this revolution, of course, are not limited to designers. For H&M
to offer a $5.95 knit miniskirt in all its 2,300-plus stores around the world, it must rely
on low-wage overseas labor, order in volumes that strain natural resources, and use
massive amounts of harmful chemicals.
Overdressed is the fashion world’s answer to consumer-activist bestsellers like
Michael Pollan’s The Omnivore’s Dilemma. “Mass-produced clothing, like fast food,
fills a hunger and need, yet is non-durable and wasteful,” Cline argues. Americans,
she finds, buy roughly 20 billion garments a year – about 64 items per person – and
no matter how much they give away, this excess leads to waste.
Towards the end of Overdressed, Cline introduced her ideal, a Brooklyn woman
named Sarah Kate Beaumont, who since 2008 has made all of her own clothes – and
beautifully. But as Cline is the first to note, it took Beaumont decades to perfect her
craft; her example can’t be knocked off.
Though several fast-fashion companies have made efforts to curb their impact on
labor and the environment – including H&M, with its green Conscious Collection
line – Cline believes lasting change can only be effected by the customer. She exhibits
the idealism common to many advocates of sustainability, be it in food or in energy.
Vanity is a constant; people will only start shopping more sustainably when they can’t
afford not to.
4
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
21.Priestly criticizes her assistant for her
[A]insensitivity to fashion.
[B]obsession with high fashion.
[C]poor bargaining skill.
[D]lack of imagination.
22.According to Cline, mass-market labels urge consumers to
[A]combat unnecessary waste.
[B]shop for their garments more frequently.
[C]resist the influence of advertisements.
[D]shut out the feverish fashion world.
23.The word “indictment” (Line 3, Para.2) is closest in meaning to
[A]tolerance.
[B]indifference.
[C]enthusiasm.
[D]accusation.
24.Which of the following can be inferred from the last paragraph?
[A]Vanity has more often been found in idealists.
[B]The fast-fashion industry ignores sustainability.
[C]Pricing is vital to environment-friendly purchasing.
[D]People are more interested in unaffordable garments.
25.What is the subject of the text?
[A]Satire on an extravagant lifestyle.
[B]Challenge to a high-fashion myth.
[C]Criticism of the fast-fashion industry.
[D]Exposure of a mass-market secret.
5
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 2
An old saying has it that half of all advertising budgets are wasted – the
trouble is, no one knows which half. In the internet age, at least in theory, this fraction
can be much reduced. By watching what people search for, click on and say online,
companies can aim “behavioural” ads at those most likely to buy.
In the past couple of weeks a quarrel has illustrated the value to advertisers of
such fine-grained information: Should advertisers assume that people are happy to be
tracked and sent behavioural ads? Or should they have explicit permission?
In December 2010 America’s Federal Trade Commission (FTC) proposed adding
a “do not track” (DNT) option to internet browsers, so that users could tell advertisers
that they did not want to be followed. Microsoft’s Internet Explorer and Apple’s
Safari both offer DNT; Google’s Chrome is due to do so this year. In February the
FTC and the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) agreed that the industry would get
cracking on responding to DNT requests.
On May 31st Microsoft set off the row. It said that Internet Explorer 10, the
version due to appear with Windows 8, would have DNT as a default.
Advertisers are horrified. Human nature being what it is, most people stick with
default settings. Few switch DNT on now, but if tracking is off it will stay off. Bob
Liodice, the chief executive of the Association of National Advertisers, says
consumers will be worse off if the industry cannot collect information about their
preferences. People will not get fewer ads, he says. “They’ll get less meaningful, less
targeted ads.”
It is not yet clear how advertisers will respond. Getting a DNT signal does not
oblige anyone to stop tracking, although some companies have promised to do so.
Unable to tell whether someone really objects to behavioural ads or whether they are
sticking with Microsoft’s default, some may ignore a DNT signal and press on
anyway.
Also unclear is why Microsoft has gone it alone. After all, it has an ad business
too, which it says will comply with DNT requests, though it is still working out how.
If it is trying to upset Google, which relies almost wholly on advertising, it has
chosen an indirect method: there is no guarantee that DNT by default will become the
norm. DNT does not seem an obviously huge selling point for windows 8 – though
the firm has compared some of its other products favourably with Google’s on that
count before. Brendon Lynch, Microsoft’s chief privacy officer, blogged: “We believe
consumers should have more control.” Could it really be that simple?
6
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
26.It is suggested in Paragraph 1 that “behavioural” ads help advertisers to
[A]provide better online services.
[B]ease competition among themselves.
[C]avoid complaints from consumers.
[D]lower their operational costs.
27.“the industry” (Line 5, Para.3) refers to
[A]internet browser developers.
[B]digital information analysts.
[C]e-commerce conductors.
[D]online advertisers.
28.Bob Liodice holds that setting DNT as a default
[A]may cut the number of junk ads.
[B]fails to affect the ad industry.
[C]will not benefit consumers.
[D]goes against human nature.
29.Which of the following is true according to Paragraph 6?
[A]Advertisers are willing to implement DNT.
[B]DNT may not serve its intended purpose.
[C]DNT is losing its popularity among consumers.
[D]Advertisers are obliged to offer behavioural ads.
30.The author’s attitude towards what Brendon Lynch said in his blog is one of
[A]indulgence.
[B]understanding.
[C]appreciation.
[D]skepticism.
7
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 3
Up until a few decades ago, our visions of the future were largely – though by no
means uniformly – glowingly positive. Science and technology would cure all the ills
of humanity, leading to lives of fulfilment and opportunity for all.
Now utopia has grown unfashionable, as we have gained a deeper appreciation
of the range of threats facing us, from asteroid strike to epidemic flu and to climate
change. You might even be tempted to assume that humanity has little future to look
forward to.
But such gloominess is misplaced. The fossil record shows that many species
have endured for millions of years – so why shouldn’t we? Take a broader look at our
species’ place in the universe, and it becomes clear that we have an excellent chance
of surviving for tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of years. Look up Homo sapiens
in the “Red List” of threatened species of the International Union for the
Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and you will read: “Listed as Least Concern as the
species is very widely distributed, adaptable, currently increasing, and there are no
major threats resulting in an overall population decline.”
So what does our deep future hold? A growing number of researchers and
organisations are now thinking seriously about that question. For example, the Long
Now Foundation has as its flagship project a mechanical clock that is designed to still
be marking time thousands of years hence.
Perhaps willfully, it may be easier to think about such lengthy timescales than
about the more immediate future. The potential evolution of today’s technology, and
its social consequences, is dazzlingly complicated, and it’s perhaps best left to science
fiction writers and futurologists to explore the many possibilities we can envisage.
That’s one reason why we have launched Arc, a new publication dedicated to the near
future.
But take a longer view and there is a surprising amount that we can say with
considerable assurance. As so often, the past holds the key to the future: we have now
identified enough of the long-term patterns shaping the history of the planet, and our
species, to make evidence-based forecasts about the situations in which our
descendants will find themselves.
This long perspective makes the pessimistic view of our prospects seem more
likely to be a passing fad. To be sure, the future is not all rosy. But we are now
knowledgeable enough to reduce many of the risks that threatened the existence of
earlier humans, and to improve the lot of those to come.
8
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
31.Our vision of the future used to be inspired by
[A]our desire for lives of fulfillment.
[B]our faith in science and technology.
[C]our awareness of potential risks.
[D]our belief in equal opportunity.
32.The IUCN’s “Red List” suggests that human beings are
[A]a sustained species.
[B]the world’s dominant power.
[C]a threat to the environment.
[D]a misplaced race.
33.Which of the following is true according to Paragraph 5?
[A]The interest in science fiction is on the rise.
[B]Arc helps limit the scope of futurological studies.
[C]Technology offers solutions to social problems.
[D]Our immediate future is hard to conceive.
34.To ensure the future of mankind, it is crucial to
[A]adopt an optimistic view of the world.
[B]draw on our experience from the past.
[C]explore our planet’s abundant resources.
[D]curb our ambition to reshape history.
35.Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
[A]The Ever-bright Prospects of Mankind.
[B]Science, Technology and Humanity.
[C]Evolution of the Human Species.
[D]Uncertainty about Our Future.
9
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Text 4
On a five to three vote, the Supreme Court knocked out much of Arizona’s
immigration law Monday – a modest policy victory for the Obama Administration.
But on the more important matter of the Constitution, the decision was an 8-0 defeat
for the Administration’s effort to upset the balance of power between the federal
government and the states.
In Arizona v. United States, the majority overturned three of the four contested
provisions of Arizona’s controversial plan to have state and local police enforce
federal immigration law. The Constitutional principles that Washington alone has the
power to “establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization” and that federal laws precede
state laws are noncontroversial. Arizona had attempted to fashion state policies that
ran parallel to the existing federal ones.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and the Court’s
liberals, ruled that the state flew too close to the federal sun. On the overturned
provisions the majority held Congress had deliberately “occupied the field” and
Arizona had thus intruded on the federal’s privileged powers.
However, the Justices said that Arizona police would be allowed to verify the
legal status of people who come in contact with law enforcement. That’s because
Congress has always envisioned joint federal-state immigration enforcement and
explicitly encourages state officers to share information and cooperate with federal
colleagues.
Two of the three objecting Justices – Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas –
agreed with this Constitutional logic but disagreed about which Arizona rules
conflicted with the federal statute. The only major objection came from Justice
Antonin Scalia, who offered an even more robust defense of state privileges going
back to the Alien and Sedition Acts.
The 8-0 objection to President Obama turns on what Justice Samuel Alito
describes in his objection as “a shocking assertion of federal executive power”. The
White House argued that Arizona’s laws conflicted with its enforcement priorities,
even if state laws complied with federal statutes to the letter. In effect, the White
House claimed that it could invalidate any otherwise legitimate state law that it
disagrees with.
Some powers do belong exclusively to the federal government, and control of
citizenship and the borders is among them. But if Congress wanted to prevent states
from using their own resources to check immigration status, it could. It never did so.
The Administration was in essence asserting that because it didn’t want to carry out
Congress’s immigration wishes, no state should be allowed to do so either. Every
Justice rightly rejected this remarkable claim.
10
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
36.Three provisions of Arizona’s plan were overturned because they
[A]disturbed the power balance between different states.
[B]overstepped the authority of federal immigration law.
[C]deprived the federal police of Constitutional powers.
[D]contradicted both the federal and state policies.
37.On which of the following did the Justices agree, according to Paragraph 4?
[A]Congress’s intervention in immigration enforcement.
[B]Federal officers’ duty to withhold immigrants’ information.
[C]States’ legitimate role in immigration enforcement.
[D]States’ independence from federal immigration law.
38.It can be inferred from Paragraph 5 that the Alien and Sedition Acts
[A]stood in favor of the states.
[B]supported the federal statute.
[C]undermined the states’ interests.
[D]violated the Constitution.
39.The White House claims that its power of enforcement
[A]is dependent on the states’ support.
[B]is established by federal statutes.
[C]outweighs that held by the states.
[D]rarely goes against state laws.
40.What can be learned from the last paragraph?
[A]Immigration issues are usually decided by Congress.
[B]The Administration is dominant over immigration issues.
[C]Justices wanted to strengthen its coordination with Congress.
[D]Justices intended to check the power of the Administration.
11
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Part B
Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41-45 ,
choose the most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of the numbered blanks.
There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers
on ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)
The social sciences are flourishing. As of 2005, there were almost half a million
professional social scientists from all fields in the world, working both inside and
outside academia. According to the World Social Science Report 2010, the number of
social-science students worldwide has swollen by about 11% every year since 2000.
Yet this enormous resource is not contributing enough to today’s global
challenges, including climate change, security, sustainable development and health.
(41) Humanity has the necessary agro-technolo-
gical tools to eradicate hunger, from genetically engineered crops to artificial
fertilizers. Here, too, the problems are social: the organization and distribution of food,
wealth and prosperity.
(42) This is a shame – the community
should be grasping the opportunity to raise its influence in the real world. To
paraphrase the great social scientist Joseph Schumpeter: there is no radical innovation
without creative destruction.
Today, the social sciences are largely focused on disciplinary problems and
internal scholarly debates, rather than on topics with external impact. Analyses reveal
that the number of papers including the keywords “environmental change” or “climate
change” have increased rapidly since 2004. (43)
When social scientists do tackle practical issues, their scope is often local:
Belgium is interested mainly in the effects of poverty on Belgium, for example. And
whether the community’s work contributes much to an overall accumulation of
knowledge is doubtful.
The problem is not necessarily the amount of available funding. (44)
_____________________ This is an adequate amount so long as it is aimed in the
right direction. Social scientists who complain about a lack of funding should not
expect more in today’s economic climate.
12
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
The trick is to direct these funds better. The European Union Framework funding
programs have long had a category specifically targeted at social scientists. This year,
it was proposed that the system be changed: Horizon 2020, a new program to be
enacted in 2014, would not have such a category. This has resulted in protests from
social scientists. But the intention is not to neglect social science; rather, the complete
opposite. (45) That should create more
collaborative endeavors and help to develop projects aimed directly at solving global
problems.
[A] The idea is to force social scientists to integrate their work with other
categories, including health and demographic change; food security; marine
research and the bio-economy; clean, efficient energy; and inclusive, innovative
and secure societies.
[B] The solution is to change the mindset of the academic community, and what it
considers to be its main goal. Global challenges and social innovation ought to
receive much more attention from scientists, especially the young ones.
[C] It could be that we are evolving two communities of social scientists: one that is
discipline-oriented and publishing in highly specialized journals, and one that is
problem-oriented and publishing elsewhere, such as policy briefs.
[D] However, the numbers are still small: in 2010, about 1,600 of the 100,000 social-
sciences papers published globally included one of these keywords.
[E] These issues all have root causes in human behavior: all require behavioral
change and social innovations, as well as technological development. Stemming
climate change, for example, is as much about changing consumption patterns
and promoting tax acceptance as it is about developing clean energy.
[F] Despite these factors, many social scientists seem reluctant to tackle such
problems. And in Europe, some are up in arms over a proposal to drop a specific
funding category for social-science research and to integrate it within cross-
cutting topics of sustainable development.
[G] During the late 1990s, national spending on social sciences and the humanities
as a percentage of all research and development funds – including government,
higher education, non-profit and corporate – varied from around 4% to 25%;
in most European nations, it is about 15%.
13
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (10
points)
It is speculated that gardens arise from a basic human need in the individuals
who made them: the need for creative expression. There is no doubt that gardens
evidence an irrepressible urge to create, express, fashion, and beautify and that self-
expression is a basic human urge; (46) yet when one looks at the photographs of the
gardens created by the homeless, it strikes one that, for all their diversity of styles,
these gardens speak of various other fundamental urges, beyond that of decoration
and creative expression .
One of these urges has to do with creating a state of peace in the midst of
turbulence, a “still point of the turning world,” to borrow a phrase from T. S. Eliot.
(47) A sacred place of peace, however crude it may be, is a distinctly human need, as
opposed to shelter, which is a distinctly animal need. This distinction is so much so
that where the latter is lacking, as it is for these unlikely gardeners, the former
becomes all the more urgent. Composure is a state of mind made possible by the
structuring of one’s relation to one’s environment. (48) The gardens of the homeless,
which are in effect homeless gardens, introduce form into an urban environmen t
where it either didn’t exist or was not discernible as such. In so doing they give
composure to a segment of the inarticulate environment in which they take their
stand.
Another urge or need that these gardens appear to respond to, or to arise from, is
so intrinsic that we are barely ever conscious of its abiding claims on us. When we are
deprived of green, of plants, of trees, (49) most of us give in to a demoralization of
spirit which we usually blame on some psychological conditions, until one day we
find ourselves in a garden and feel the oppression vanish as if by magic. In most of
the homeless gardens of New York City the actual cultivation of plants is unfeasible,
yet even so the compositions often seem to represent attempts to call forth the spirit
of plant and animal life, if only symbolically, through a clumplike arrangement of
materials, an introduction of colors, small pools of water, and a frequent presence of
petals or leaves as well as of stuffed animals. On display here are various fantasy
elements whose reference, at some basic level, seems to be the natural world. (50) It
is this implicit or explicit reference to nature that fully justifies the use of the word
garden , though in a “liberated” sense, to describe these synthetic constructions. In
them we can see biophilia – a yearning for contact with nonhuman life – assuming
uncanny representational forms.
14
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section Ⅲ Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
Write an e-mail of about 100 words to a foreign teacher in your college, inviting
him/her to be a judge for the upcoming English speech contest.
You should include the details you think necessary.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the e-mail. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay,
you should
1) describe the drawing briefly,
2) interpret its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)
15
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
2013年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.A 2.B 3.C 4.D 5.B 6.B 7.A 8.A 9.D 10.C
11.A 12.C 13.B 14.C 15.B 16.C 17.D 18.D 19.B 20.A
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 A B D C C Text 2 26~30 D A C B D
Text 3 31~35 B A D B A Text 4 36~40 B C A C D
Part B
41.E 42.F 43.D 44.G 45.A
Part C
46. 然而，只要看看无家可归者创造的花园的照片，你就会意识到尽管样式各
异，但这些花园除了表达（人类）装饰和创造的欲望之外，更体现了人类其他
根本的强烈愿望。
47. 安宁的圣地（体现的）是人类特有的需要，无论怎样疏于雕琢，它仍与遮
风挡雨之所不同，后者（反映的）是动物特有的需要。
48. 这种无家可归者的花园实质上是无定所的花园，它们把“形式”引入城市环
境，而城市不境中原本要么没有这种“形式”，要么并没有把它当成“形式”看待。
49. 我们大多数人通常把陷入精神颓丧归咎于某些心理疾病，直到有一天置身
花园，才顿觉压抑感神奇地消失了。
50. 虽然有“扩大词义外延”的意味，但正是这种对大自然或隐晦或明晰的参照
让用“花园”一词来描述这些人造组合有了充分的根据。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
16
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取


---

## 2013年 英语二 (来源: 2013-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2013 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语 (二)
(科目代码：204)
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填 (书) 写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
(以下信息考生必须认真填写)
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET. ( 10 points)
Given the advantages of electronic money, you might think that we would move
quickly to the cashless society in which all payments are made electronically. 1 ,
a true cashless society is probably not around the corner. Indeed, predictions have
been 2 for two decades but have not yet come to fruition. For example, Business
Week predicted in 1975 that electronic means of payment would soon “revolutionize
the very 3 of money itself, ” only to 4 itself several years later. Why has the
movement to a cashless society been so 5 in coming?
Although electronic means of payment may be more efficient than a payments
system based on paper, several factors work 6 the disappearance of the paper
system. First, it is very 7 to set up the computer, card reader, and
telecommunications networks necessary to make electronic money the 8 form of
payment. Second, paper checks have the advantage that they 9 receipts,
something that many consumers are unwilling to 10 . Third, the use of paper
checks gives consumers several days of “float” – it takes several days 11 a check
is cashed and funds are 12 from the issuer’s account, which means that the
writer of the check can earn interest on the funds in the meantime. 13 electronic
payments arc immediate, they eliminate the float for the consumer.
Fourth, electronic means of payment may 14 security and privacy concerns.
We often hear media reports that an unauthorized hacker has been able to access a
computer database and to alter information 15 there. The fact that this is not
an 16 occurrence means that dishonest persons might be able to access bank
accounts in electronic payments systems and 17 from someone else’s accounts.
The 18 of this type of fraud is no easy task, and a new field of computer science
is developing to 19 security issues. A further concern is that the use of electronic
means of payment leaves an electronic 20 that contains a large amount of
personal data. There are concerns that government, employers, and marketers might
be able to access these data, thereby violating our privacy.
.2.
pastpapers.cn
1. [A] Moreover [B] However [C] Therefore [D] Otherwise
2. [A]off [B] back [C] over [D] around
3. [A] power [B] concept [C] history [D] role
4. [A] reverse [B] resist [C] resume [D] reward
5. [A] silent [B] sudden [C] slow [D] steady
6.[A] for [B] against [C] with [D]on
7. [A] expensive [B] imaginative [C] sensitive [D] productive
8. [A] similar [B] original [C] temporary [D] dominant
9. [A] collect [B] copy [C] provide [D] print
10. [A]giveup [B]takeover [C] bring back [D] pass down
11. [A]before [B] after [C] since [D] when
12. [A]kept [B]borrowed [C] withdrawn [D] released
13. [A]Unless [B]Because [C] Until [D] Though
14.[A]hide [B]express [C] ease [D]raise
15. [A] analyzed [B] shared [C] stored [D] displayed
16. [A] unsafe [B] unnatural [C] unclear [D] uncommon
17. [A] steal [B] choose [C] benefit [D] return
18. [A] consideration [B] prevention [C] manipulation [D] justification
19. [A] callfor [B] fight against [C] adaptto [D] cope with
20. [A] chunk [B] chip [C] trail [D] path
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A, B,
C or D. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (40 points)
.3.
pastpapers.cn
Text 1
In an essay entitled “Making It in America,” the author Adam Davidson relates a
joke from cotton country about just how much a modern textile mill has been
automated: The average mill has only two employees today, “a man and a dog. The
man is there to feed the dog, and the dog is there to keep the man away from the
machines.”
Davidson’s article is one of a number of pieces that have recently appeared
making the point that the reason we have such stubbornly high unemployment and
declining middle-class incomes today is largely because of the big drop in demand
because of the Great Recession, but it is also because of the advances in both
globalization and the information technology revolution, which are more rapidly than
ever replacing labor with machines or foreign workers.
In the past, workers with average skills, doing an average job, could earn an
average lifestyle. But, today, average is officially over. Being average just won’t earn
you what it used to. It can’t when so many more employers have so much more
access to so much more above average cheap foreign labor, cheap robotics, cheap
software, cheap automation and cheap genius. Therefore, everyone needs to find their
extra – their unique value contribution that makes them stand out in whatever is their
field of employment.
Yes, new technology has been eating jobs forever, and always will. But there’s
been an acceleration. As Davidson notes, “In the 10 years ending in 2009, [U.S.]
factories shed workers so fast that they erased almost all the gains of the previous 70
years; roughly one out of every three manufacturing jobs – about 6 million in
total – disappeared.”
There will always be change – new jobs, new products, new services. But the one
thing we know for sure is that with each advance in globalization and the I. T.
revolution, the best jobs will require workers to have more and better education to
make themselves above average.
In a world where average is officially over, there are many things we need to do
to support employment, but nothing would be more important than passing some kind
of G. I. Bill for the 21st century that ensures that every American has access to post-
high school education.
.4.
pastpapers.cn
21. The jokeinParagraph1 isusedtoillustrate .
[A] the impact of technological advances
[B] the alleviation ofjob pressure
[C] the shrinkage of textile mills
[D] the decline of middle-class incomes
22. AccordingtoParagraph 3, tobe a successful employee, onehas to .
[A] work on cheap software
[B] ask for a moderate salary
[C] adopt an average lifestyle
[D] contribute something unique
23. The quotationinParagraph4 explains that .
[A] gains of technology have been erased
[B] job opportunities are disappearing at a high speed
[C] factories are making much less money than before
[D] new jobs and services have been offered
24. According to the author, to reduce unemployment, the most important is
.
[A] to accelerate the I. T. revolution
[B] to ensure more education for people
[C] to advance economic globalization
[D] to pass more bills in the 21stcentury
25. Which of the following would be the most appropriate title for the text?
[A] New Law Takes Effect.
[B] Technology Goes Cheap.
[C] Average Is Over.
[D] Recession Is Bad.
.5.
pastpapers.cn
Text 2
A century ago, the immigrants from across the Atlantic included settlers and
sojourners. Along with the many folks looking to make a permanent home in the
United States came those who had no intention to stay, and who would make some
money and then go home. Between 1908 and 1915, about 7 million people arrived
while about 2 million departed. About a quarter of all Italian immigrants, for example,
eventually returned to Italy for good. They even had an affectionate nickname,
“uccelli di passaggio,” birds of passage.
Today, we are much more rigid about immigrants. We divide newcomers into
two categories: legal or illegal, good or bad. We hail them as Americans in the
making, or brand them as aliens to be kicked out. That framework has contributed
mightily to our broken immigration system and the long political paralysis over how
to fix it. We don’t need more categories, but we need to change the way we think
about categories. We need to look beyond strict definitions of legal and illegal. To
start, we can recognize the new birds of passage, those living and thriving in the gray
areas. We might then begin to solve our immigration challenges.
Crop pickers, violinists, construction workers, entrepreneurs, engineers, home
health-care aides and physicists are among today’s birds of passage. They are
energetic participants in a global economy driven by the flow of work, money and
ideas. They prefer to come and go as opportunity calls them. They can manage to
have a job in one place and a family in another.
With or without permission, they straddle laws, jurisdictions and identities with
ease. We need them to imagine the United States as a place where they can be
productive for a while without committing themselves to staying forever. We need
them to feel that home can be both here and there and that they can belong to two
nations honorably.
Accommodating this new world of people in motion will require new attitudes
on both sides of the immigration battle. Looking beyond the culture war logic of right
or wrong means opening up the middle ground and understanding that managing
immigration today requires multiple paths and multiple outcomes, including some
that are not easy to accomplish legally in the existing system.
.6.
pastpapers.cn
26. “Birds ofpassage” refers tothosewho .
[A] stay in a foreign country temporarily
[B] leave their home countries for good
[C] immigrate across the Atlantic
[D] find permanent jobs overseas
27. It is implied in Paragraph 2 that the current immigration system in the US
.
[A] needs new immigrant categories
[B] has loosened control over immigrants
[C] should be adapted to meet challenges
[D] has been fixed via political means
28. Accordingto the author, today’s birds ofpassage want .
[A] financial incentives
[B] a global recognition
[C] the freedom to stay and leave
[D] opportunities to get regularjobs
29. The author suggests that the birds of passage todayshould be treated .
[A] as faithful partners
[B] with legal tolerance
[C] with economic favors
[D] as mighty rivals
30. The most appropriate title for this text wouldbe .
[A] Come and Go: Big Mistake
[B] Living and Thriving: Great Risk
[C] With or Without: Great Risk
[D] Legal or Illegal: Big Mistake
.7.
pastpapers.cn
Text 3
Scientists have found that although we are prone to snap overreactions, if we take
a moment and think about how we are likely to react, we can reduce or even eliminate
the negative effects of our quick, hard-wired responses.
Snap decisions can be important defense mechanisms; if we are judging whether
someone is dangerous, our brains and bodies are hard-wired to react very quickly,
within milliseconds. But we need more time to assess other factors. To accurately tell
whether someone is sociable, studies show, we need at least a minute, preferably five.
It takes a while to judge complex aspects of personality, like neuroticism or open
-mindedness.
But snap decisions in reaction to rapid stimuli aren’t exclusive to the
interpersonal realm. Psychologists at the University of Toronto found that viewing a
fast-food logo for just a few milliseconds primes us to read 20 percent faster, even
though reading has little to do with eating. We unconsciously associate fast food with
speed and impatience and carry those impulses into whatever else we’re doing,
Subjects exposed to fast-food flashes also tend to think a musical piece lasts toolong.
Yet we can reverse such influences. If we know we will overreact to consumer
products or housing options when we see a happy face (one reason good sales
representatives and real estate agents are always smiling), we can take a moment
before buying. If we know female job screeners are more likely to reject attractive
female applicants, we can help screeners understand their biases – or hire outside
screeners.
John Gottman, the marriage expert, explains that we quickly “thin slice”
information reliably only after we ground such snap reactions in “thick sliced” long-
term study. When Dr. Gottman really wants to assess whether a couple will stay
together, he invites them to his island retreat for a much longer evaluation: two days,
not two seconds.
Our ability to mute our hard-wired reactions by pausing is what differentiates us
from animals: dogs can think about the future only intermittently or for a few minutes.
But historically we have spent about 12 percent of our days contemplating the longer
term. Although technology might change the way we react, it hasn’t changed our
nature. We still have the imaginative capacity to rise above temptation and reverse the
high-speed trend.
.10.
pastpapers.cn
31. Thetime neededinmaking decisionsmay .
[A] predetermine the accuracy of our judgment
[B] prove the complexity of our brain reaction
[C] depend on the importance of the assessment
[D] vary according to the urgency of the situation
32. Our reactiontoa fast-foodlogoshows thatsnapdecisions .
[A] can be associative
[B] are not unconscious
[C] can be dangerous
[D] are not impulsive
33. Toreverse the negative influences of snapdecisions, we should .
[A] trust our first impression
[B] think before we act
[C] do as people usually do
[D] ask for expert advice
34. JohnGottmansays that reliable snapreactions are basedon .
[A] critical assessment
[B] “thin sliced” study
[C] adequate information
[D] sensible explanation
35. The author’sattitude towardreversingthe high-speedtrendis .
[A] tolerant
[B] optimistic
[C] uncertain
[D] Doubtful
.11.
pastpapers.cn
Text 4
Europe is not a gender-equality heaven. In particular, the corporate workplace
will never be completely family-friendly until women are part of senior management
decisions, and Europe’s top corporate-governance positions remain overwhelmingly
male . Indeed, women hold only 14 per cent of positions on European corporate
boards.
The European Union is now considering legislation to compel corporate boards
to maintain a certain proportion of women – up to 60 per cent. This proposed mandate
was born of frustration. Last year, European Commission Vice President Viviane
Reding issued a call to voluntary action. Reding invited corporations to sign up for
gender balance goals of 40 per cent female board membership. But her appeal was
considered a failure: only 24 companies took it up.
Do we need quotas to ensure that women can continue to climb the corporate
ladder fairly as they balance work and family?
“Personally, I don’t like quotas,” Reding said recently. “But I like what the
quotas do.” Quotas get action: they “open the way to equality and they break through
the glass ceiling,” according to Reding, a result seen in France and other countries
with legally binding provisions on placing women in top business positions.
I understand Reding’s reluctance – and her frustration. I don’t like quotas either;
they run counter to my belief in meritocracy, governance by the capable. But, when
one considers the obstacles to achieving the meritocratic ideal, it does look as if a
fairer world must be temporarily ordered.
After all, four decades of evidence has now shown that corporations in Europe as
well as the US are evading the meritocratic hiring and promotion of women to top
positions – no matter how much “soft pressure” is put upon them. When women do
break through to the summit of corporate power – as, for example, Sheryl Sandberg
recently did at Facebook – they attract massive attention precisely because they
remain the exception to the rule.
If appropriate public policies were in place to help all women – whether CEOs
or their children’s caregivers – and all families, Sandberg would be no more
newsworthy than any other highly capable person living in a more just society.
.12.
pastpapers.cn
36. In theEuropeancorporateworkplace, generally .
[A] women take the lead
[B] men have the final say
[C] corporate governance is overwhelmed
[D] senior management is family-friendly
37. TheEuropeanUnion’sintendedlegislationis .
[A] a reflection of gender balance
[B] a response to Reding’s call
[C] a reluctant choice
[D] a voluntary action
38. AccordingtoReding, quotasmay helpwomen .
[A] get top business positions
[B] see through the glass ceiling
[C] balance work and family
[D] anticipate legal results
39. The author’s attitude towardReding’s appealis oneof .
[A] skepticism
[B] objectiveness
[C] indifference
[D] approval
40. Women entering top management become headlines due to the lack of .
[A] more social justice
[B] massive media attention
[C] suitable public policies
[D] greater “soft pressure”
.13.
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by choosing the most suitable
subtitle from the list A – G for each numbered paragraph (41 – 45). There are two
extra subtitles which you do not need to use. Mark your answers on the ANSWER
SHEET.(10points)
[A] Live like a peasant
[B] Balance your diet
[C] Shopkeepers are your friends
[D] Remember to treat yourself
[E] Stick to what you need
[F] Planning is everything
[G] Waste not, want not
The hugely popular blog the Skint Foodie chronicles how Tony balances his love
of good food with living on benefits. After bills, Tony has £ 60 a week to spend, £ 40
of which goes on food, but 10 years ago he was earning £ 130,000 a year working in
corporate communications and eating at London’s best restaurants at least twice a
week. Then his marriage failed, his career burned out and his drinking became serious.
“The community mental health team saved my life. And I felt like that again, to a
certain degree, when people responded to the blog so well. It gave me the validation
and confidence that I’d lost. But it’s still a day-by-day thing.” Now he’s living in a
council flat and fielding offers from literary agents. He’s feeling positive, but he’ ll
carry on blogging – not about eating as cheaply as you can – “there are so many
people in a much worse state, with barely any money to spend on food” – but eating
well on a budget. Here’s his advice for economical foodies.
41.
Impulsive spending isn’t an option, so plan your week’s menu in advance,
making shopping lists for your ingredients in their exact quantities. I have an Excel
template for a week of breakfast, lunch and dinner. Stop laughing: it’s not just cost
effective but helps you balance your diet. It’s also a good idea to shop daily instead of
.14.
pastpapers.cn
weekly, because, being human, you’ll sometimes change your mind about what you
fancy.
42.
This is where supermarkets and their anonymity come in handy. With them,
there’s not the same embarrassment as when buying one carrot in a little greengrocer.
And if you plan properly, you’ll know that you only need, say, 350g of shin of beef
and six rashers of bacon, not whatever weight is pre-packed in the supermarket chiller.
43.
You may proudly claim to only have frozen peas in the freezer – that’s not good
enough. Mine is filled with leftovers, bread, stock, meat and fish. Planning ahead
should eliminate wastage, but if you have surplus vegetables you’ll do a vegetable
soup, and all fruits threatening to “go off” will be cooked or juiced.
44.
Everyone says this, but it really is a top tip for frugal eaters. Shop at butchers,
delis and fish-sellers regularly, even for small things, and be super friendly. Soon
you’ll feel comfortable asking if they’ve any knuckles of ham for soups and stews, or
beef bones, chicken carcasses and fish heads for stock which, more often than not,
they’ll let you have for free.
45.
You won’t be eating out a lot, but save your pennies and once every few months
treat yourself to a set lunch at a good restaurant – £ 1.75 a week for three months gives
you £ 21 – more than enough for a three-course lunch at Michelin-starred Arbutus. It’s
£ 16.95 there – or £ 12.99 for a large pizza from Domino’s: I know which I’d rather
eat.
.15.
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46. Directions:
Translate the following text into Chinese. Write your translation on the ANSWER
SHEET.(15points)
I can pick a date from the past 53 years and know instantly where I was, what
happened in the news and even the day of the week. I’ve been able to do this since I
was four.
I never feel overwhelmed with the amount of information my brain absorbs. My
mind seems to be able to cope and the information is stored away neatly. When I think
of a sad memory, I do what everybody does – try to put it to one side. I don’t think it’s
harder for me just because my memory is clearer. Powerful memory doesn’t make my
emotions any more acute or vivid. I can recall the day my grandfather died and the
sadness I felt when we went to the hospital the day before. I also remember that the
musical play Hair opened on Broadway on the same day – they both just pop into my
mind in the same way.
Section IV Writing
Part A
47. Directions:
Suppose your class is to hold a charity sale for kids in need of help. Write your
classmates an email to
1) inform them about the details, and
2) encourage them to participate.
You should write about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.
Do not use your own name. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Donot write your address. ( 10 points)
.16.
pastpapers.cn
Part B
48. Directions:
Write an essay based on the following chart. In your writing, you should
1) interpret the chart, and
2) give your comments.
You should write about 150 words on the ANSWER SHEET. ( 15 points)
.17.
pastpapers.cn
2013
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.B 2.D 3.B 4.A 5.C 6.B 7.A 8.D 9.C 10.A
11.A 12.C 13.B 14.D 15.C 16.D 17.A 18.B 19.D 20.C
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 ADBBC Text 2 26~30 ACCBD
Text 3 31~35 D ABCB Text 4 36~40 BCADC
Part B
41.F 42.E 43.G 44.C 45.D
Part C
46.
在过去的53年中任意挑一天，我马上就能知道那天我在什么地方，新闻报道了什么，
甚至那天是星期几。我从四岁开始就有这本事了。
我从来不会因为脑子吸收大量信息而受不了。我的脑子似乎能够应付，而且这些信
息也储存得有条有理。当我回想起一件悲伤的事情时，我所做的和大家一样——尽量把
它放到一边。我不觉得就因为我的记忆更清晰，我就会更难受。强大的记忆力并没有使
我的情感更为强烈或更为鲜明。我能回想起我祖父去世的那一天，以及我们前一天去医
院时我伤心的感觉。我同样记得，百老汇在同一天首演音乐剧《发》——这两件事在我
脑海里突然出现的方式没什么两样。
Section III Writing
47、48略
.18.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2012年 英语一 (来源: 2012-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2012 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生自
负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
.
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and
mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
The ethical judgments of the Supreme Court justices have become an important
issue recently. The court cannot 1 its legitimacy as guardian of the rule of
law 2 justices behave like politicians. Yet, in several instances, justices acted in
ways that 3 the court’s reputation for being independent and impartial.
Justice Antonin Scalia, for example, appeared at political events. That kind of
activity makes it less likely that the court’s decisions will be 4 as impartial
judgments. Part of the problem is that the justices are not 5 by an ethics code.
At the very least, the court should make itself 6 to the code of conduct
that 7 to the rest of the federal judiciary.
This and other similar cases 8 the question of whether there is still
a 9 between the court and politics.
The framers of the Constitution envisioned law 10 having authority apart
from politics. They gave justices permanent positions 11 they would be free
to 12 those in power and have no need to 13 political support. Our legal
system was designed to set law apart from politics precisely because they are so
closely 14 .
Constitutional law is political because it results from choices rooted in
fundamental social 15 like liberty and property. When the court deals with
social policy decisions, the law it 16 is inescapably political – which is why
decisions split along ideological lines are so easily 17 as unjust.
The justices must 18 doubts about the court’s legitimacy by making
themselves 19 to the code of conduct. That would make rulings more likely to
be seen as separate from politics and, 20 , convincing as law.
.
pastpapers.cn
1. [A] emphasize [B] maintain [C] modify [D] recognize
.
pastpapers.cn
2. [A] when [B] lest [C] before [D] unless
3. [A] restored [B] weakened [C] established [D] eliminated
4. [A] challenged [B] compromised [C] suspected [D] accepted
5. [A] advanced [B] caught [C] bound [D] founded
6. [A] resistant [B] subject [C] immune [D] prone
7. [A] resorts [B] sticks [C] leads [D] applies
8. [A] evade [B] raise [C] deny [D] settle
9. [A] line [B] barrier [C] similarity [D] conflict
10. [A] by [B] as [C] through [D] towards
11. [A] so [B] since [C] provided [D] though
12. [A] serve [B] satisfy [C] upset [D] replace
13. [A] confirm [B] express [C] cultivate [D] offer
14. [A] guarded [B] followed [C] studied [D] tied
15. [A] concepts [B] theories [C] divisions [D] conventions
16. [A] excludes [B] questions [C] shapes [D] controls
17. [A] dismissed [B] released [C] ranked [D] distorted
18. [A] suppress [B] exploit [C] address [D] ignore
19. [A] accessible [B] amiable [C] agreeable [D] accountable
20. [A] by all means [B] at all costs [C] in a word [D] as a result
Section Ⅱ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing
A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
Text 1
.
pastpapers.cn
Come on – Everybody’s doing it. That whispered message, half invitation and
half forcing, is what most of us think of when we hear the words peer pressure. It
usually leads to no good – drinking, drugs and casual sex. But in her new book Join
the Club, Tina Rosenberg contends that peer pressure can also be a positive force
through what she calls the social cure, in which organizations and officials use the
power of group dynamics to help individuals improve their lives and possibly the
world.
Rosenberg, the recipient of a Pulitzer Prize, offers a host of examples of the
social cure in action: In South Carolina, a state-sponsored antismoking program
called Rage Against the Haze sets out to make cigarettes uncool. In South Africa, an
HIV-prevention initiative known as loveLife recruits young people to promote safe
sex among their peers.
The idea seems promising, and Rosenberg is a perceptive observer. Her critique
of the lameness of many public-health campaigns is spot-on: they fail to mobilize
peer pressure for healthy habits, and they demonstrate a seriously flawed
understanding of psychology. “Dare to be different, please don’t smoke!” pleads one
billboard campaign aimed at reducing smoking among teenagers – teenagers, who
desire nothing more than fitting in. Rosenberg argues convincingly that public-health
advocates ought to take a page from advertisers, so skilled at applying peer pressure.
But on the general effectiveness of the social cure, Rosenberg is less persuasive.
Join the Club is filled with too much irrelevant detail and not enough exploration of
the social and biological factors that make peer pressure so powerful. The most
glaring flaw of the social cure as it’s presented here is that it doesn’t work very well
for very long. Rage Against the Haze failed once state funding was cut. Evidence that
the loveLife program produces lasting changes is limited and mixed.
There’s no doubt that our peer groups exert enormous influence on our behavior.
An emerging body of research shows that positive health habits – as well as negative
ones – spread through networks of friends via social communication. This is a subtle
form of peer pressure: we unconsciously imitate the behavior we see every day.
Far less certain, however, is how successfully experts and bureaucrats can select
our peer groups and steer their activities in virtuous directions. It’s like the teacher
who breaks up the troublemakers in the back row by pairing them with better-behaved
classmates. The tactic never really works. And that’s the problem with a social cure
engineered from the outside: in the real world, as in school, we insist on choosing our
own friends.
21.According to the first paragraph, peer pressure often emerges as
.
pastpapers.cn
[A] a supplement to the social cure.
[B] a stimulus to group dynamics.
[C] an obstacle to social progress.
[D] a cause of undesirable behaviors.
22.Rosenberg holds that public-health advocates should
[A] recruit professional advertisers.
[B] learn from advertisers’ experience.
[C] stay away from commercial advertisers.
[D] recognize the limitations of advertisements.
23.In the author’s view, Rosenberg’s book fails to
[A] adequately probe social and biological factors.
[B] effectively evade the flaws of the social cure.
[C] illustrate the functions of state funding.
[D] produce a long-lasting social effect.
24.Paragraph 5 shows that our imitation of behaviors
[A] is harmful to our networks of friends.
[B] will mislead behavioral studies.
[C] occurs without our realizing it.
[D] can produce negative health habits.
25.The author suggests in the last paragraph that the effect of peer pressure is
[A] harmful.
[B] desirable.
[C] profound.
[D] questionable.
Text 2
.
pastpapers.cn
A deal is a deal – except, apparently, when Entergy is involved. The company, a
major energy supplier in New England, provoked justified outrage in Vermont last
week when it announced it was reneging on a longstanding commitment to abide by
the state’s strict nuclear regulations.
Instead, the company has done precisely what it had long promised it would not:
challenge the constitutionality of Vermont’s rules in the federal court, as part of a
desperate effort to keep its Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant running. It’s a
stunning move.
The conflict has been surfacing since 2002, when the corporation bought
Vermont’s only nuclear power plant, an aging reactor in Vernon. As a condition of
receiving state approval for the sale, the company agreed to seek permission from
state regulators to operate past 2012. In 2006, the state went a step further, requiring
that any extension of the plant’s license be subject to the Vermont legislature’s
approval. Then, too, the company went along.
Either Entergy never really intended to live by those commitments, or it simply
didn’t foresee what would happen next. A string of accidents, including the partial
collapse of a cooling tower in 2007 and the discovery of an underground pipe system
leakage, raised serious questions about both Vermont Yankee’s safety and Entergy’s
management – especially after the company made misleading statements about the
pipe. Enraged by Entergy’s behavior, the Vermont Senate voted 26 to 4 last year
against allowing an extension.
Now the company is suddenly claiming that the 2002 agreement is invalid
because of the 2006 legislation, and that only the federal government has regulatory
power over nuclear issues. The legal issues in the case are obscure: whereas the
Supreme Court has ruled that states do have some regulatory authority over nuclear
power, legal scholars say that Vermont case will offer a precedent-setting test of how
far those powers extend. Certainly, there are valid concerns about the patchwork
regulations that could result if every state sets its own rules. But had Entergy kept its
word, that debate would be beside the point.
The company seems to have concluded that its reputation in Vermont is already
so damaged that it has nothing left to lose by going to war with the state. But there
should be consequences. Permission to run a nuclear plant is a public trust. Entergy
runs 11 other reactors in the United States, including Pilgrim Nuclear station in
Plymouth. Pledging to run Pilgrim safely, the company has applied for federal
permission to keep it open for another 20 years. But as the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission (NRC) reviews the company’s application, it should keep in mind what
promises from Entergy are worth.
26.The phrase “reneging on” (Line 3, Para. 1) is closest in meaning to
.
pastpapers.cn
[A] condemning.
[B] reaffirming.
[C] dishonoring.
[D] securing.
27.By entering into the 2002 agreement, Entergy intended to
[A] obtain protection from Vermont regulators.
[B] seek favor from the federal legislature.
[C] acquire an extension of its business license.
[D] get permission to purchase a power plant.
28.According to Paragraph 4, Entergy seems to have problems with its
[A] managerial practices.
[B] technical innovativeness.
[C] financial goals.
[D] business vision.
29.In the author’s view, the Vermont case will test
[A] Entergy’s capacity to fulfill all its promises.
[B] the nature of states’ patchwork regulations.
[C] the federal authority over nuclear issues.
[D] the limits of states’ power over nuclear issues.
30.It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
[A] Entergy’s business elsewhere might be affected.
[B] the authority of the NRC will be defied.
[C] Entergy will withdraw its Plymouth application.
[D]Vermont’s reputation might be damaged.
Text 3
.
pastpapers.cn
In the idealized version of how science is done, facts about the world are waiting
to be observed and collected by objective researchers who use the scientific method
to carry out their work. But in the everyday practice of science, discovery frequently
follows an ambiguous and complicated route. We aim to be objective, but we cannot
escape the context of our unique life experiences. Prior knowledge and interests
influence what we experience, what we think our experiences mean, and the
subsequent actions we take. Opportunities for misinterpretation, error, and self-
deception abound.
Consequently, discovery claims should be thought of as protoscience. Similar to
newly staked mining claims, they are full of potential. But it takes collective scrutiny
and acceptance to transform a discovery claim into a mature discovery. This is the
credibility process, through which the individual researcher’s me, here, now becomes
the community’s anyone, anywhere, anytime. Objective knowledge is the goal, not the
starting point.
Once a discovery claim becomes public, the discoverer receives intellectual
credit. But, unlike with mining claims, the community takes control of what happens
next. Within the complex social structure of the scientific community, researchers
make discoveries; editors and reviewers act as gatekeepers by controlling the
publication process; other scientists use the new finding to suit their own purposes;
and finally, the public (including other scientists) receives the new discovery and
possibly accompanying technology. As a discovery claim works its way through the
community, the interaction and confrontation between shared and competing beliefs
about the science and the technology involved transforms an individual’s discovery
claim into the community’s credible discovery.
Two paradoxes exist throughout this credibility process. First, scientific work
tends to focus on some aspect of prevailing knowledge that is viewed as incomplete
or incorrect. Little reward accompanies duplication and confirmation of what is
already known and believed. The goal is new-search, not re-search. Not surprisingly,
newly published discovery claims and credible discoveries that appear to be
important and convincing will always be open to challenge and potential modification
or refutation by future researchers. Second, novelty itself frequently provokes
disbelief. Nobel Laureate and physiologist Albert Szent-Györgyi once described
discovery as “seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has
thought.” But thinking what nobody else has thought and telling others what they
have missed may not change their views. Sometimes years are required for truly
novel discovery claims to be accepted and appreciated.
In the end, credibility “happens” to a discovery claim – a process that
corresponds to what philosopher Annette Baier has described as the commons of the
mind. “We reason together, challenge, revise, and complete each other’s reasoning
and each other’s conceptions of reason.”
31.According to the first paragraph, the process of discovery is characterized by its
.
pastpapers.cn
[A] uncertainty and complexity.
[B] misconception and deceptiveness.
[C] logicality and objectivity.
[D] systematicness and regularity.
32.It can be inferred from Paragraph 2 that credibility process requires
[A] strict inspection.
[B] shared efforts.
[C] individual wisdom.
[D] persistent innovation.
33.Paragraph 3 shows that a discovery claim becomes credible after it
[A] has attracted the attention of the general public.
[B] has been examined by the scientific community.
[C] has received recognition from editors and reviewers.
[D] has been frequently quoted by peer scientists.
34.Albert Szent-Györgyi would most likely agree that
[A] scientific claims will survive challenges.
[B] discoveries today inspire future research.
[C] efforts to make discoveries are justified.
[D] scientific work calls for a critical mind.
35.Which of the following would be the best title of the text?
[A] Novelty as an Engine of Scientific Development.
[B] Collective Scrutiny in Scientific Discovery.
[C] Evolution of Credibility in Doing Science.
[D] Challenge to Credibility at the Gate to Science.
Text 4
.
pastpapers.cn
If the trade unionist Jimmy Hoffa were alive today, he would probably represent
civil servants. When Hoffa’s Teamsters were in their prime in 1960, only one in ten
American government workers belonged to a union; now 36% do. In 2009 the
number of unionists in America’s public sector passed that of their fellow members in
the private sector. In Britain, more than half of public-sector workers but only about
15% of private-sector ones are unionized.
There are three reasons for the public-sector unions’ thriving. First, they can shut
things down without suffering much in the way of consequences. Second, they are
mostly bright and well-educated. A quarter of America’s public-sector workers have a
university degree. Third, they now dominate left-of-centre politics. Some of their ties
go back a long way. Britain’s Labor Party, as its name implies, has long been
associated with trade unionism. Its current leader, Ed Miliband, owes his position to
votes from public-sector unions.
At the state level their influence can be even more fearsome. Mark Baldassare of
the Public Policy Institute of California points out that much of the state’s budget is
patrolled by unions. The teachers’ unions keep an eye on schools, the CCPOA on
prisons and a variety of labor groups on health care.
In many rich countries average wages in the state sector are higher than in the
private one. But the real gains come in benefits and work practices. Politicians have
repeatedly “backloaded” public-sector pay deals, keeping the pay increases modest
but adding to holidays and especially pensions that are already generous.
Reform has been vigorously opposed, perhaps most notoriously in education,
where charter schools, academies and merit pay all faced drawn-out battles. Even
though there is plenty of evidence that the quality of the teachers is the most
important variable, teachers’ unions have fought against getting rid of bad ones and
promoting good ones.
As the cost to everyone else has become clearer, politicians have begun to clamp
down. In Wisconsin the unions have rallied thousands of supporters against Scott
Walker, the hardline Republican governor. But many within the public sector suffer
under the current system, too.
John Donahue at Harvard’s Kennedy School points out that the norms of culture
in Western civil services suit those who want to stay put but is bad for high achievers.
The only American public-sector workers who earn well above $250,000 a year are
university sports coaches and the president of the United States. Bankers’ fat pay
packets have attracted much criticism, but a public-sector system that does not reward
high achievers may be a much bigger problem for America.
36.It can be learned from the first paragraph that
.
pastpapers.cn
[A]Teamsters still have a large body of members.
[B] Jimmy Hoffa used to work as a civil servant.
[C] unions have enlarged their public-sector membership.
[D] the government has improved its relationship with unionists.
37.Which of the following is true of Paragraph 2?
[A] Public-sector unions are prudent in taking actions.
[B] Education is required for public-sector union membership.
[C] Labor Party has long been fighting against public-sector unions.
[D] Public-sector unions seldom get in trouble for their actions.
38.It can be learned from Paragraph 4 that the income in the state sector is
[A] illegally secured.
[B] indirectly augmented.
[C] excessively increased.
[D] fairly adjusted.
39.The example of the unions in Wisconsin shows that unions
[A] often run against the current political system.
[B] can change people’s political attitudes.
[C] may be a barrier to public-sector reforms.
[D] are dominant in the government.
40.John Donahue’s attitude towards the public-sector system is one of
[A] disapproval.
[B] appreciation.
[C] tolerance.
[D] indifference.
Part B
.
pastpapers.cn
Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41 – 45,
choose the most suitable one from the list A – G to fit into each of the numbered
blanks. There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your
answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
Think of those fleeting moments when you look out of an aeroplane window and
realise that you are flying, higher than a bird. Now think of your laptop, thinner than a
brown-paper envelope, or your cellphone in the palm of your hand. Take a moment or
two to wonder at those marvels. You are the lucky inheritor of a dream come true.
The second half of the 20th century saw a collection of geniuses, warriors,
entrepreneurs and visionaries labour to create a fabulous machine that could function
as a typewriter and printing press, studio and theatre, paintbrush and gallery, piano and
radio, the mail as well as the mail carrier. (41)
The networked computer is an amazing device, the first media machine that
serves as the mode of production, means of distribution, site of reception, and place
of praise and critique. The computer is the 21st century’s culture machine.
But for all the reasons there are to celebrate the computer, we must also act with
caution. (42) I call it a secret war for two
reasons. First, most people do not realise that there are strong commercial agendas at
work to keep them in passive consumption mode. Second, the majority of people who
use networked computers to upload are not even aware of the significance of what
they are doing.
All animals download, but only a few upload. Beavers build dams and birds
make nests. Yet for the most part, the animal kingdom moves through the world
downloading. Humans are unique in their capacity to not only make tools but then
turn around and use them to create superfluous material goods – paintings, sculpture
and architecture – and superfluous experiences – music, literature, religion and philosopy.
(43)
For all the possibilities of our new culture machines, most people are still stuck
in download mode. Even after the advent of widespread social media, a pyramid of
production remains, with a small number of people uploading material, a slightly
larger group commenting on or modifying that content, and a huge percentage
remaining content to just consume. (44)
Television is a one-way tap flowing into our homes. The hardest task that
television asks of anyone is to turn the power off after he has turned it on. (45)
What counts as meaningful uploading? My definition revolves around the
concept of “stickiness” – creations and experiences to which others adhere.
[A] Of course, it is precisely these superfluous things that define human culture and
.
pastpapers.cn
ultimately what it is to be human. Downloading and consuming culture requires
great skills, but failing to move beyond downloading is to strip oneself of a
defining constituent of humanity.
[B] Applications like tumblr.com, which allow users to combine pictures, words and
other media in creative ways and then share them, have the potential to add
stickiness by amusing, entertaining and enlightening others.
[C] Not only did they develop such a device but by the turn of the millennium
they had also managed to embed it in a worldwide system accessed by billions
of people every day.
[D] This is because the networked computer has sparked a secret war between
downloading and uploading – between passive consumption and active
creation – whose outcome will shape our collective future in ways we can
only begin to imagine.
[E] The challenge the computer mounts to television thus bears little similarity to
one format being replaced by another in the manner of record players being
replaced by CD players.
[F] One reason for the persistence of this pyramid of production is that for the past
half-century, much of the world’s media culture has been defined by a single
medium – television – and television is defined by downloading.
[G] The networked computer offers the first chance in 50 years to reverse the
flow, to encourage thoughtful downloading and, even more importantly,
meaningful uploading.
Part C
.
pastpapers.cn
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10
points)
Since the days of Aristotle, a search for universal principles has characterized the
scientific enterprise. In some ways, this quest for commonalities defines science.
Newton’s laws of motion and Darwinian evolution each bind a host of different
phenomena into a single explicatory framework.
(46) In physics, one approach takes this impulse for unification to its extreme,
and seeks a theory of everything – a single generative equation for all we see. It is
becoming less clear, however, that such a theory would be a simplification, given the
dimensions and universes that it might entail. Nonetheless, unification of sorts
remains a major goal.
This tendency in the natural sciences has long been evident in the social sciences
too. (47) Here, Darwinism seems to offer justification, for if all humans share
common origins, it seems reasonable to suppose that cultural diversity could also be
traced to more constrained beginnings. Just as the bewildering variety of human
courtship rituals might all be considered forms of sexual selection, perhaps the
world’s languages, music, social and religious customs and even history are governed
by universal features. (48) To filter out what is unique from what is shared migh t
enable us to understand how complex cultural behavior arose and what guides it in
evolutionary or cognitive terms .
That, at least, is the hope. But a comparative study of linguistic traits published
online today supplies a reality check. Russell Gray at the University of Auckland and
his colleagues consider the evolution of grammars in the light of two previous
attempts to find universality in language.
The most famous of these efforts was initiated by Noam Chomsky, who
suggested that humans are born with an innate language-acquisition capacity that
dictates a universal grammar. A few generative rules are then sufficient to unfold the
entire fundamental structure of a language, which is why children can learn it so
quickly.
(49) The second, by Joshua Greenberg, takes a more empirical approach to
universality, identifying traits (particularly in word order) shared by many languages,
which are considered to represent biases that result from cognitive constraints.
Gray and his colleagues have put them to the test by examining four family trees
that between them represent more than 2,000 languages. (50) Chomsky’s grammar
should show patterns of language change that are independent of the family tree or
the pathway tracked through it, whereas Greenbergian universality predicts strong co-
dependencies between particular types of word-order relations. Neither of these
patterns is borne out by the analysis, suggesting that the structures of the languages
are lineage-specific and not governed by universals.
Section Ⅲ Writing
.
pastpapers.cn
Part A
51.Directions:
Some international students are coming to your university. Write them an email in
the name of the Students’ Union to
1) extend your welcome and
2) provide some suggestions for their campus life here.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET
2.
Do not sign your name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions：
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay
you should
1) describe the drawing briefly
2) explain its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)
2012年英语一真题答案
.
pastpapers.cn
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.B 2.A 3.B 4.D 5.C 6.B 7.D 8.B 9.A 10.B
11.A 12.C 13.C 14.D 15.A 16.C 17.A 18.C 19.D 20.D
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 D B A C D Text 2 26~30 C D A D A
Text 3 31~35 A B B D C Text 4 36~40 C D B C A
Part B
41.C 42.D 43.A 44.F 45.G
Part C
46. 在物理学领域，一种做法把这种寻求大同理论的冲动推向极端，试图寻找
包含一切的理论——一个涵括我们所看到的一切的生成性公式。
47. 这里，达尔文学说似乎做出了证明，因为如果人类有着共同的起源，那么
似乎就有理由认为文化的多样性也可以追溯到更为有限的起源。
48. 从共有特征中滤出独有特征，这使我们得以理解复杂的文化行为是如何产
生的，并从进化或认知角度理解什么引导了它的走向。
49. 第二次努力——由乔舒亚·格林堡做出——采用更为经验主义的方法来研究
语言的普遍性，确定了多种语言（尤其在语法词序方面）的共有特征，这些特
征被认为是代表了由认知限制产生的倾向。
50. 乔姆斯基的语法应该显示出语言变化的模式，这些模式并不受语言谱系或
贯穿谱系路径的影响；而格林堡式的普遍性则预言了特定的语法词序关系类型
之间所存在的紧密互依性。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2012年 英语二 (来源: 2012-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2012 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
1
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDonANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
Millions of Americans and foreigners see G.I. Joe as a mindless war toy, the
symbol of American military adventurism, but that’s not how it used to be. To the
men and women who 1 in World War Ⅱ and the people they liberated,
the G.I. was the 2 man grown into hero, the poor farm kid torn away from his
home, the guy who 3 all the burdens of battle, who slept in cold foxholes,
who went without the 4 of food and shelter, who stuck it out and drove back
the Nazi reign of murder. This was not a volunteer soldier, not someone well
paid, 5 an average guy, up 6 the best trained, best equipped, fiercest, most
brutalenemiesseenincenturies.
Hisnameisn’tmuch.G.I.isjustamilitaryabbreviation 7 Government Issue,
and it was on all of the articles 8 to soldiers. And Joe? A common name for a
guy who never 9 it to the top. Joe Blow, Joe Palooka, Joe Magrac...a
working class name. The United States has 10 had a president or vice-president or
secretaryofstateJoe.
G.I. Joe had a 11 career fighting German, Japanese, and Korean troops.
He appears as a character, or a 12 of American personalities, in the 1945
movieThe Story ofG.I.Joe, basedonthelast daysof war correspondent Ernie Pyle.
Some of the soldiers Pyle 13 portrayed themselves in the film. Pyle was
famousfor coveringthe 14 sideofthewar,writing about the dirt-snow-and-mud
soldiers, not how many miles were 15 or what towns were captured or
liberated. His reports 16 the “Willie” cartoons of famed Stars and Stripes artist
Bill Maulden. Boh men 17 the dirt and exhaustion of war, the 18 of
civilizationthatthesoldierssharedwitheachother andthe civilians:coffee, tobacco,
whiskey, shelter, sleep. 19 Egypt, France, and a dozen more countries, G.I.
Joe was any American soldier, 20 the mostimportantpersonintheirlives.
2
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]served [B]performed [C]rebelled [D]betrayed
2.[A]actual [B]common [C]special [D]normal
3.[A]loaded [B]eased [C]removed [D]bore
4.[A]necessities [B]facilities [C]commodities [D]properties
5.[A]and [B]nor [C]but [D]hence
6.[A]for [B]into [C]from [D]against
7.[A]implying [B]meaning [C]symbolizing [D]claiming
8.[A]handedout [B]turnedover [C]broughtback [D]passeddown
9.[A]pushed [B]got [C]made [D]managed
10.[A]ever [B]never [C]either [D]neither
11.[A]disguised [B]disturbed [C]disputed [D]distinguished
12.[A]company [B]community [C]collection [D]colony
13.[A]employed [B]appointed [C]interviewed [D]questioned
14.[A]human [B]military [C]political [D]ethical
15.[A]ruined [B]commuted [C]patrolled [D]gained
16.[A]paralleled [B]counteracted [C]duplicated [D]contradicted
17.[A]neglected [B]emphasized [C]avoided [D]admired
18.[A]stages [B]illusions [C]fragments [D]advances
19.[A]With [B]To [C]Among [D]Beyond
20.[A]onthecontrary [B]by thismeans [C]fromtheoutset [D]atthatpoint
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Read the following fourtexts. Answer the questions after each textbychoosing A, B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersonANSWER SHEET1.(40points)
3
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Homework hasneverbeenterriblypopular withstudents andevenmany parents,
butinrecentyearsithasbeen particularlyscorned.Schooldistrictsacrossthecountry,
most recently Los Angeles Unified, are revising their thinking on this educational
ritual. Unfortunately, L.A. Unified has produced an inflexible policy which mandates
thatwiththeexception of some advanced courses, homework maynolongercount
formorethan10%ofastudent’sacademicgrade.
This rule is meant to address the difficulty that students from impoverished
or chaotic homes might have in completing their homework. But the policy is
unclear and contradictory. Certainly, no homework should be assigned that
students cannot complete on their own or that they cannot do without expensive
equipment. But if the district is essentially giving a pass to students who do not do
their homework because of complicated family lives, it is going riskily close to
theimplicationthatstandards needtobelowered forpoorchildren.
District administrators say that homework will still be a part of schooling;
teachers are allowed to assign as much of it as they want. But with homework
counting for no more than 10% of their grades, students can easily skip half their
homework and see very little difference on their report cards. Some students
might do well on state tests without completing their homework, but what about
the students who performed well on the tests and did their homework? It is quite
possiblethatthehomework helped. Yetratherthanempowering teachers to findwhat
worksbestfor theirstudents,thepolicyimposesaflat,across-the-board rule.
At the same time, the policy addresses none of the truly thorny questions
about homework. If the district finds homework to be unimportant to its students’
academic achievement, it should move to reduce or eliminate the assignments, not
make them count for almost nothing. Conversely, if homework matters, it should
account for a significant portion of the grade. Meanwhile, this policy does nothing
to ensure that the homework students receive is meaningful or appropriate to their
age and the subject, or that teachers are not assigning more than they are willing
toreviewandcorrect.
The homework rules should be put on hold while the school board, which is
responsible for setting educational policy, looks into the matter and conducts
public hearings. It is not too late for L.A. Unified to do homework right.
4
pastpapers.cn
21.ItisimpliedinParagraph1thatnowadayshomework .
[A]isreceivingmorecriticism
[B]isgainingmorepreferences
[C]isnolongeraneducationalritual
[D]isnotrequiredfor advancedcourses
22. L.A. Unifiedhasmadetheruleabouthomeworkmainlybecausepoorstudents
.
[A]tendtohavemoderateexpectationsfor theireducation
[B]haveaskedforadifferenteducationalstandard
[C]mayhaveproblemsfinishingtheirhomework
[D]havevoicedtheircomplaintsabouthomework
23.AccordingtoParagraph3,oneproblemwiththepolicyisthatitmay .
[A]resultinstudents’indifferencetotheirreportcards
[B]underminetheauthorityofstatetests
[C]restrictteachers’powerineducation
[D]discouragestudentsfromdoinghomework
24. AsmentionedinParagraph4,akeyquestionunansweredabouthomeworkis
whether .
[A]itshouldbeeliminated
[B]itcountsmuchinschooling
[C]itplacesextraburdensonteachers
[D]itisimportantfor grades
25.Asuitabletitleforthistextcouldbe .
[A]AFaultyApproachtoHomework
[B]AWelcomedPolicyforPoorStudents
[C]ThornyQuestionsaboutHomework
[D]WrongInterpretationsofanEducationalPolicy
5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Pretty in pink: adult women do not remember being so obsessed with the
colour, yet it is pervasive in our young girls’ lives. It is not that pink is
intrinsically bad, but it is such a tiny slice of the rainbow and, though it may
celebrate girlhood in one way, it also repeatedly and firmly fuses girls’ identity to
appearance. Then it presents that connection, even among two-year-olds, between
girls as not only innocent but as evidence of innocence. Looking around, I
despairedatthesingularlackofimaginationaboutgirls’livesandinterests.
Girls’ attraction to pink may seem unavoidable, somehow encoded in their
DNA, but according to Jo Paoletti, an associate professor of American Studies, it
is not. Children were not colour-coded at all until the early 20th century: in the era
before domestic washing machines all babies wore white as a practical matter,
since the only way of getting clothes clean was to boil them. What’s more, both
boys and girls wore what were thought of as gender-neutral dresses. When nursery
colours were introduced, pink was actually considered the more masculine colour,
a pastel version of red, which was associated with strength. Blue, with its
intimations of the Virgin Mary, constancy and faithfulness, symbolised femininity. It
was not until the mid-1980s, when amplifying age and sex differences became a
dominant children’s marketing strategy, that pink fully came into its own, when it
began to seem inherently attractive to girls, part of what defined them as female,
atleast for the first fewcritical years.
I had not realised how profoundly marketing trends dictated our perception
of what is natural to kids, including our core beliefs about their psychological
development. Take the toddler. I assumed that phase was something experts
developed after years of research into children’s behaviour: wrong. Turns out,
according to Daniel Cook, a historian of childhood consumerism, it was popularised
as a marketing trick by clothing manufacturers in the 1930s.
Tradepublicationscounselled departmentstoresthat, in order to increase sales,
they should create a “third stepping stone” between infant wear and older kids’
clothes. It was only after “toddler” became a common shoppers’ term that it evolved
into a broadly accepted developmental stage. Splitting kids, or adults, into ever-tinier
categories has proved a sure-fire way to boost profits. And one of the easiest ways to
segment a market is to magnify gender differences – or invent them where they
didnotpreviously exist.
6
pastpapers.cn
26. By saying“itis…the rainbow” (Line3,Para.1),theauthormeanspink _____.
[A]cannotexplaingirls’ lackofimagination
[B]shouldnotbeassociatedwithgirls’innocence
[C]shouldnotbethesolerepresentationofgirlhood
[D]cannotinfluencegirls’livesandinterests
27.AccordingtoParagraph2,whichofthefollowingistrueofcolours?
[A]Coloursareencodedingirls’DNA.
[B]Blueusedtoberegardedasthecolourforgirls.
[C]Whiteispreferredbybabies.
[D]Pinkusedtobeaneutralcolourinsymbolisinggenders.
28. Theauthorsuggeststhatourperceptionofchildren’spsychologicaldevelopment
wasmuch influencedby _____.
[A]theobservationofchildren’snature
[B]themarketingofproductsforchildren
[C]researchesintochildren’sbehaviour
[D]studiesofchildhoodconsumption
29. Wemay learn from Paragraph 4 that department stores were advisedto
_ .
[A]classify consumersintosmallergroups
[B]attachequalimportancetodifferentgenders
[C]focusoninfantwearandolderkids’clothes
[D]createsomecommonshoppers’terms
30. Itcanbeconcludedthatgirls’attractiontopinkseemsto be___.
[A]fullyunderstoodbyclothingmanufacturers
[B]clearlyexplainedbytheirinborntendency
[C]mainlyimposedbyprofit-drivenbusinessmen
[D]wellinterpretedbypsychologicalexperts
7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
In 2010, a federal judge shook America’s biotech industry to its core.
Companies had won patents for isolated DNA for decades – by 2005 some 20% of
human genes were patented. But in March 2010 a judge ruled that genes were
unpatentable. Executives were violently agitated. The Biotechnology Industry
Organisation (BIO), a trade group, assured members that this was just a
“preliminary step”inalongerbattle.
On July 29th they were relieved, at least temporarily. A federal appeals court
overturned the prior decision, ruling that Myriad Genetics could indeed hold
patents to two genes that help forecast a woman’s risk of breast cancer. The chief
executive of Myriad, a company in Utah, said the ruling was a blessing to firms
andpatients alike.
But as companies continue their attempts at personalised medicine, the courts
will remain rather busy. The Myriad case itself is probably not over. Critics make
three main arguments against gene patents: a gene is a product of nature, so it may
not be patented; gene patents suppress innovation rather than reward it; and
patents’ monopolies restrict access to genetic tests such as Myriad’s. A growing
number seem to agree. Last year a federal task-force urged reform for patents
related to genetic tests. In October the Department of Justice filed a brief in the
Myriad case, arguing that an isolated DNA molecule “is no less a product of
nature…than are cotton fibres that have been separated from cotton seeds.”
Despite the appeals court’s decision, big questions remain unanswered. For
example, itisunclear whether thesequencing of awhole genome violates thepatents
of individual genes within it. The case may yet reach the Supreme Court.
As the industry advances, however, other suits may have an even greater
impact. Companies are unlikely to file many more patents for human DNA
molecules – most are already patented or in the public domain. Firms are now
studying how genes interact, looking for correlations that might be used to
determine the causes of disease or predict a drug’s efficacy. Companies are eager
to win patents for “connecting the dots,” explains Hans Sauer, a lawyer for
the BIO.
Their success may be determined by a suit related to this issue, brought by the
Mayo Clinic, which the Supreme Court will hear in its next term. The BIO
recently held a convention which included sessions to coach lawyers on the
shiftinglandscape for patents.Each meeting was packed.
8
pastpapers.cn
31.Itcanbelearnedfrom Paragraph1thatthebiotechcompanieswouldlike .
[A]genestobepatentable
[B]theBIOtoissueawarning
[C]theirexecutivestobeactive
[D]judgestoruleoutgenepatenting
32.Thosewhoareagainstgenepatentsbelievethat .
[A]genetictestsarenotreliable
[B]onlyman-madeproductsarepatentable
[C]patentsongenesdependmuchoninnovation
[D]courtsshouldrestrictaccesstogenetictests
33.AccordingtoHansSauer,companiesareeagertowinpatentsfor .
[A]discoveringgeneinteractions
[B]establishingdiseasecorrelations
[C]drawingpicturesofgenes
[D]identifyinghumanDNA
34. By saying “Each meeting was packed” (Line 4, Para. 6), the author means that
.
[A]thesupremecourtwasauthoritative
[B]theBIOwasapowerfulorganisation
[C]genepatentingwasagreatconcern
[D]lawyerswerekeentoattendconventions
35. Generally speaking, theauthor’sattitudetoward genepatentingis _____.
[A]critical
[B]supportive
[C]scornful
[D]objective
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
The great recession may be over, but this era of high joblessness is probably
beginning. Before it ends, it will likely change the life course and character of a
generation of young adults. And ultimately, it is likely to reshape our politics, our
culture,andthecharacterofoursocietyforyears.
No one tries harder than the jobless to find silver linings in this national
economic disaster. Many said that unemployment, while extremely painful, had
improved them in some ways: they had become less materialistic and more
financially prudent; they were more aware of the struggles of others. In limited
respects, perhaps the recession will leave society better off. At the very least, it
has awoken us from our national fever dream of easy riches and bigger houses,
andputanecessaryendtoaneraofrecklesspersonalspending.
But for the most part, these benefits seem thin, uncertain, and far off. In The
Moral Consequences of Economic Growth, the economic historian Benjamin
Friedman argues that both inside and outside the U.S., lengthy periods of
economic stagnation or decline have almost always left society more mean-
spirited and less inclusive, and have usually stopped or reversed the advance of
rights and freedoms. Anti-immigrant sentiment typically increases, as does conflict
between races and classes.
Income inequality usually falls during a recession, but it has not shrunk in
this one. Indeed, this period of economic weakness may reinforce class divides,
and decrease opportunities to cross them – especially for young people. The
research of Till Von Wachter, the economist at Columbia University, suggests that
not all people graduating into a recession see their life chances dimmed: those
with degrees from elite universities catch up fairly quickly to where they
otherwise would have been if they had graduated in better times; it is the masses
beneaththemthatareleft behind.
In the Internet age, it is particularly easy to see the resentment that has
always been hidden within American society. More difficult, in the moment, is
discerning precisely how these lean times are affecting society’s character. In
many respects, the U.S. was more socially tolerant entering this recession than at
any time in its history, and a variety of national polls on social conflict since then
have shown mixed results. We will have to wait and see exactly how these hard
times will reshape our social fabric. But they certainly will reshape it, and all the
more sothelongerthey extend.
10
pastpapers.cn
36. Bysaying “tofindsilverlinings”(Line1,Para.2)theauthorsuggeststhatthe
joblesstryto .
[A]seeksubsidiesfromthegovernment
[B]makeprofitsfrom thetroubledeconomy
[C]explorereasonsfor theunemployment
[D]lookonthebrightsideoftherecession
37.According toParagraph 2,therecessionhasmadepeople _____.
[A]struggleagainsteachother
[B]realizethenationaldream
[C]challengetheirprudence
[D]reconsidertheirlifestyle
38. Benjamin Friedman believesthateconomic recessionsmay _____.
[A]imposeaheavierburdenonimmigrants
[B]bringoutmoreevilsofhumannature
[C]promotetheadvanceofrightsandfreedoms
[D]easeconflictsbetweenracesandclasses
39. TheresearchofTillVonWachtersuggeststhatintherecessiongraduatesfrom
eliteuniversitiestendto .
[A]lagbehindtheothersduetodecreasedopportunities
[B]catchupquicklywithexperiencedemployees
[C]seetheirlifechancesasdimmedastheothers’
[D]recovermorequicklythantheothers
40.Theauthorthinksthattheinfluence ofhardtimesonsociety is_____.
[A]trivial
[B]positive
[C]certain
[D]destructive
11
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
PartB
Directions:
Read thefollowing textand answer thequestions by finding information from the left
column that corresponds to each of the marked details given in the right column.
There are two extra choices in the right column. Mark your answers on ANSWER
SHEET1.(10points)
“Universal history, thehistoryofwhat man has accomplished in this world, is
at bottom the History of the Great Men who have worked here,” wrote the Victorian
sageThomasCarlyle.Well,notanymoreitis not.
Suddenly, Britain looks to have fallen out with its favorite historical form.
This could be no more than a passing literary craze, but it also points to a broader
truth about how we now approach the past: less concerned with learning from our
forefathers and more interested in feeling their pain. Today, we want empathy, not
inspiration.
From the earliest days of the Renaissance, the writing of history meant
recounting the exemplary lives of great men. In 1337, Petrarch began work on his
rambling writing De Viris Illustribus – On Famous Men, highlighting the virtus
(or virtue) of classical heroes. Petrarch celebrated their greatness in conquering
fortune and rising to the top. This was the biographical tradition which Niccolò
Machiavelli turned on its head. In The Prince, he championed cunning,
ruthlessness, and boldness, rather than virtue, mercy and justice, as the skills of
successful leaders.
Over time,theattributesof greatness shifted. The Romantics commemorated the
leading painters and authors of their day, stressing the uniqueness of the
artist’s personal experience rather than public glory. By contrast, the Victorian
authorSamuelSmileswroteSelf-Helpasacatalogue oftheworthylivesof engineers,
industrialists and explorers. “The valuable examples which they furnish of the
power of self-help, of patient purpose, resolute working, and steadfast integrity,
issuing in the formation of truly noble and manly character, exhibit,” wrote Smiles,
“what it is in the power of each to accomplish for himself.” His biographies of James
Watt,Richard Arkwright and Josiah Wedgwood were held up as beacons to guide
the working man through his difficult life.
Thiswas allabitbourgeoisfor Thomas Carlyle, who focused his biographies on
the truly heroic lives of Martin Luther, Oliver Cromwell and Napoleon Bonaparte.
These epochal figures represented lives hard to imitate, but to be acknowledged as
possessing higherauthoritythanmere mortals.
Not everyone was convinced by such bombast. “The history of all hitherto
existing society is the history of class struggles,” wrote Marx and Engels in The
12
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Communist Manifesto. For them, history did nothing, it possessed no immense
wealth nor waged battles: “It is man, real, living man who does all that.” And
history should be the story of the masses and their record of struggle, As such, it
needed to appreciate the economic realities, the social contexts and power
relations in which each epoch stood. For: “Men make their own history, but they
do not make it just as they please; they do not make it under circumstances chosen
by themselves, but under circumstances directly found, given and transmitted
fromthe past.”
Thiswas thetraditionwhich revolutionisedourappreciation ofthe past. In place
of Thomas Carlyle, Britain nurtured Christopher Hill, EP Thompson and Eric
Hobsbawm. History from below stood alongside biographies of great men. Whole
newrealms ofunderstanding – from gender torace tocultural studies –wereopened
up as scholars unpicked the multiplicity of lost societies. And it transformed public
historytoo:downstairsbecamejustasfascinatingas upstairs.
[A]emphasizedthevirtueofclassicalheroes.
41.Petrarch [B]highlightedthepublicglory oftheleading
artists.
42.NiccolòMachiavelli [C]focusedonepochalfigureswhoseliveswere
hardtoimitate.
43.SamuelSmiles [D]openedupnewrealmsofunderstanding the
greatmeninhistory.
44.ThomasCarlyle [E]heldthathistoryshouldbethestoryofthe
massesandtheirrecordofstruggle.
45.MarxandEngels [F]dismissedvirtueasunnecessaryfor successful
leaders.
[G] depictedtheworthylivesofengineers,
industrialistsandexplorers.
13
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Section III Translation
46.Directions:
14
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Translate the following text from English into Chinese. Write your translation on
ANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
When people in developing countries worry about migration, they are usually
concerned at the prospect of their best and brightest departure to Silicon Valley or
to hospitals and universities in the developed world. These are the kind of workers
that countries like Britain, Canada and Australia try to attract by using
immigrationrulesthatprivilegecollege graduates.
Lots of studies have found that well-educated people from developing
countries are particularly likely to emigrate. A big survey of Indian households in
2004 found that nearly 40% of emigrants had more than a high-school education,
compared with around 3.3% of all Indians over the age 25. This “brain drain”
has long bothered policymakers in poor countries. They fear that it hurts their
economies, depriving them of much-needed skilled workers who could have
taught at their universities, worked in their hospitals and come up with clever new
productsfor theirfactoriesto make.
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Suppose you have found something wrong with the electronic dictionary that
you bought from an online store the other day. Write an email to the customer
servicecenter to
1)makeacomplaint,and
2)demandapromptsolution.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsonANSWER SHEET2.
Donotsignyour ownnameattheendoftheletter.Use“ZhangWei”instead.
Donotwritetheaddress.(10points)
PartB
48.Directions:
15
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
Writeanessaybasedonthefollowingtable.In your writing,you should
1) describethetable, and
2) giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteatleast150words.
WriteyouressayonANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
某公司员工工作满意度调查
满意度
满意 不清楚 不满意
年龄组
≤40岁 16.7％ 50.0％ 33.3％
41~50岁 0.0％ 36.0％ 64.0％
＞50岁 40.0％ 50.0％ 10.0％
2012年考研英语二真题答案
SectionⅠUseof English
16
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
1.A 2.B 3.D 4.A 5.C 6.D 7.B 8.A 9.C 10.B
11.D 12.C 13.C 14.A 15.D 16.A 17.B 18.C 19.B 20.D
SectionⅡReadingComprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 ACD BA Text2 26~30 CB B AC
Text3 31~35 ABA CD Text4 36~40 DDBD C
PartB
41.A 42.F 43.G 44.C 45.E
PartC
46.
发展中国家的人考虑移民时，通常关心的是到硅谷或发达国家的医院和大学里工作
这样最美好最光明的前景。这些人正是英国、加拿大和澳大利亚等国家想要通过对大学
毕业生提供优惠的移民条例来吸引的人才。
许多研究表明，发展中国家受过良好教育的人尤其可能移民。2004年对印度家庭的一
项大规模调查表明，将近40：《移居国外的人受过高中以上教育，而与之形成对比的是：
全印度25岁以上受过高中以上教育的人约为3.3%。这种“人才流失”现象长期困扰着贫困
国家的决策者。他们担心这会损害本国经济，使他们失去急需的熟练的劳动者，这些人
本可以留在国内在大学任教、在医院工作或设计新奇产品供工厂生产。
SectionIII Writing
47、48见解析
17
pastpapers.cn
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取


---

## 2011年 英语一 (来源: 2011-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2011 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
.
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
Ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle viewed laughter as “a bodily exercise
precious to health.” But 1 some claims to the contrary, laughing probably has
little influence on physical fitness. Laughter does 2 short-term changes in
the function of the heart and its blood vessels, 3 heart rate and oxygen
consumption. But because hard laughter is difficult to 4 , a good laugh is
unlikely to have 5 benefits the way, say, walking or jogging does.
6 , instead of straining muscles to build them, as exercise does, laughter
apparently accomplishes the 7 . Studies dating back to the 1930s indicate that
laughter 8 muscles, decreasing muscle tone for up to 45 minutes after the laugh
dies down.
Such bodily reaction might conceivably help 9 the effects of psychological
stress. Anyway, the act of laughing probably does produce other types of 10 feedback
that improve an individual’s emotional state. 11 one classical theory of emotion,
our feelings are partially rooted 12 physical reactions. It was argued at the end
of the 19th century that humans do not cry 13 they are sad but they become sad
when the tears begin to flow.
Although sadness also 14 tears, evidence suggests that emotions can
flow 15 muscular responses. In an experiment published in 1988, social
psychologist Fritz Strack of the University of Würzburg in Germany asked volunteers
to 16 a pen either with their teeth – thereby creating an artificial smile – or with
their lips, which would produce a(n) 17 expression. Those forced to exercise
their smiling muscles 18 more enthusiastically to funny cartoons than did those
whose mouths were contracted in a frown, 19 that expressions may influence
emotions rather than just the other way around. 20 , the physical act of laughter
could improve mood.
.
pastpapers.cn
1.[A] among [B] except [C] despite [D] like
2.[A] reflect [B] demand [C] indicate [D] produce
3.[A] stabilizing [B] boosting [C] impairing [D] determining
4.[A] transmit [B] sustain [C] evaluate [D] observe
5.[A] measurable [B] manageable [C] affordable [D] renewable
6.[A] In turn [B] In fact [C] In addition [D] In brief
7.[A] opposite [B] impossible [C] average [D] expected
8.[A] hardens [B] weakens [C] tightens [D] relaxes
9.[A] aggravate [B] generate [C] moderate [D] enhance
10.[A] physical [B] mental [C] subconscious [D] internal
11.[A] Except for [B] According to [C] Due to [D] As for
12.[A] with [B] on [C] in [D] at
13.[A] unless [B] until [C] if [D] because
14.[A] exhausts [B] follows [C] precedes [D] suppresses
15.[A] into [B] from [C] towards [D] beyond
16.[A] fetch [B] bite [C] pick [D] hold
17.[A] disappointed [B] excited [C] joyful [D] indifferent
18.[A] adapted [B] catered [C] turned [D] reacted
19.[A] suggesting [B] requiring [C] mentioning [D] supposing
20.[A] Eventually [B] Consequently [C] Similarly [D] Conversely
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing
A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 1
The decision of the New York Philharmonic to hire Alan Gilbert as its next
music director has been the talk of the classical-music world ever since the sudden
announcement of his appointment in 2009. For the most part, the response has been
favorable, to say the least. “Hooray! At last!” wrote Anthony Tommasini, a sober-
sided classical-music critic.
One of the reasons why the appointment came as such a surprise, however, is
that Gilbert is comparatively little known. Even Tommasini, who had advocated
Gilbert’s appointment in the Times, calls him “an unpretentious musician with no air
of the formidable conductor about him.” As a description of the next music director of
an orchestra that has hitherto been led by musicians like Gustav Mahler and Pierre
Boulez, that seems likely to have struck at least some Times readers as faint praise.
For my part, I have no idea whether Gilbert is a great conductor or even a good
one. To be sure, he performs an impressive variety of interesting compositions, but it
is not necessary for me to visit Avery Fisher Hall, or anywhere else, to hear
interesting orchestral music. All I have to do is to go to my CD shelf, or boot up my
computer and download still more recorded music from iTunes.
Devoted concertgoers who reply that recordings are no substitute for live
performance are missing the point. For the time, attention, and money of the art-
loving public, classical instrumentalists must compete not only with opera houses,
dance troupes, theater companies, and museums, but also with the recorded
performances of the great classical musicians of the 20th century. These recordings
are cheap, available everywhere, and very often much higher in artistic quality than
today’s live performances; moreover, they can be “consumed” at a time and place of
the listener’s choosing. The widespread availability of such recordings has thus
brought about a crisis in the institution of the traditional classical concert.
One possible response is for classical performers to program attractive new
music that is not yet available on record. Gilbert’s own interest in new music has been
widely noted: Alex Ross, a classical-music critic, has described him as a man who is
capable of turning the Philharmonic into “a markedly different, more vibrant
organization.” But what will be the nature of that difference? Merely expanding the
orchestra’s repertoire will not be enough. If Gilbert and the Philharmonic are to
succeed, they must first change the relationship between America’s oldest orchestra
and the new audience it hopes to attract.
.
pastpapers.cn
21.We learn from Paragraph 1 that Gilbert’s appointment has
[A]incurred criticism.
[B]raised suspicion.
[C]received acclaim.
[D]aroused curiosity.
22.Tommasini regards Gilbert as an artist who is
[A]influential.
[B]modest.
[C]respectable.
[D]talented.
23.The author believes that the devoted concertgoers
[A]ignore the expenses of live performances.
[B]reject most kinds of recorded performances.
[C]exaggerate the variety of live performances.
[D]overestimate the value of live performances.
24.According to the text, which of the following is true of recordings?
[A]They are often inferior to live concerts in quality.
[B]They are easily accessible to the general public.
[C]They help improve the quality of music.
[D]They have only covered masterpieces.
25.Regarding Gilbert’s role in revitalizing the Philharmonic, the author feels
[A]doubtful.
[B]enthusiastic.
[C]confident.
[D]puzzled.
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 2
When Liam McGee departed as president of Bank of America in August, his
explanation was surprisingly straight up. Rather than cloaking his exit in the usual
vague excuses, he came right out and said he was leaving “to pursue my goal of
running a company.” Broadcasting his ambition was “very much my decision,”
McGee says. Within two weeks, he was talking for the first time with the board of
Hartford Financial Services Group, which named him CEO and chairman on
September 29.
McGee says leaving without a position lined up gave him time to reflect on what
kind of company he wanted to run. It also sent a clear message to the outside world
about his aspirations. And McGee isn’t alone. In recent weeks the No.2 executives at
Avon and American Express quit with the explanation that they were looking for a
CEO post. As boards scrutinize succession plans in response to shareholder pressure,
executives who don’t get the nod also may wish to move on. A turbulent business
environment also has senior managers cautious of letting vague pronouncements
cloud their reputations.
As the first signs of recovery begin to take hold, deputy chiefs may be more
willing to make the jump without a net. In the third quarter, CEO turnover was down
23% from a year ago as nervous boards stuck with the leaders they had, according to
Liberum Research. As the economy picks up, opportunities will abound for aspiring
leaders.
The decision to quit a senior position to look for a better one is unconventional.
For years executives and headhunters have adhered to the rule that the most attractive
CEO candidates are the ones who must be poached. Says Korn/Ferry senior partner
Dennis Carey: “I can’t think of a single search I’ve done where a board has not
instructed me to look at sitting CEOs first.”
Those who jumped without a job haven’t always landed in top positions quickly.
Ellen Marram quit as chief of Tropicana a decade ago, saying she wanted to be a CEO.
It was a year before she became head of a tiny Internet-based commodities exchange.
Robert Willumstad left Citigroup in 2005 with ambitions to be a CEO. He finally took
that post at a major financial institution three years later.
Many recruiters say the old disgrace is fading for top performers. The financial
crisis has made it more acceptable to be between jobs or to leave a bad one. “The
traditional rule was it’s safer to stay where you are, but that’s been fundamentally
inverted,” says one headhunter. “The people who’ve been hurt the worst are those
who’ve stayed too long.”
.
pastpapers.cn
26.When McGee announced his departure, his manner can best be described as being
[A]arrogant.
[B]frank.
[C]self-centered.
[D]impulsive.
27.According to Paragraph 2, senior executives’ quitting may be spurred by
[A]their expectation of better financial status.
[B]their need to reflect on their private life.
[C]their strained relations with the boards.
[D]their pursuit of new career goals.
28.The word “poached” (Line 3, Paragraph 4) most probably means
[A]approved of.
[B]attended to.
[C]hunted for.
[D]guarded against.
29.It can be inferred from the last paragraph that
[A]top performers used to cling to their posts.
[B]loyalty of top performers is getting out-dated.
[C]top performers care more about reputations.
[D]it’s safer to stick to the traditional rules.
30.Which of the following is the best title for the text?
[A]CEOs: Where to Go?
[B]CEOs: All the Way Up?
[C]Top Managers Jump without a Net
[D]The Only Way Out for Top Performers
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 3
The rough guide to marketing success used to be that you got what you paid for.
No longer. While traditional “paid” media – such as television commercials and print
advertisements – still play a major role, companies today can exploit many alternative
forms of media. Consumers passionate about a product may create “earned” media by
willingly promoting it to friends, and a company may leverage “owned” media by
sending e-mail alerts about products and sales to customers registered with its Web
site. The way consumers now approach the process of making purchase decisions
means that marketing’s impact stems from a broad range of factors beyond
conventional paid media.
Paid and owned media are controlled by marketers promoting their own products.
For earned media, such marketers act as the initiator for users’ responses. But in some
cases, one marketer’s owned media become another marketer’s paid media – for
instance, when an e-commerce retailer sells ad space on its Web site. We define such
sold media as owned media whose traffic is so strong that other organizations place
their content or e-commerce engines within that environment. This trend, which we
believe is still in its infancy, effectively began with retailers and travel providers such
as airlines and hotels and will no doubt go further. Johnson & Johnson, for example,
has created BabyCenter, a stand-alone media property that promotes complementary
and even competitive products. Besides generating income, the presence of other
marketers makes the site seem objective, gives companies opportunities to learn
valuable information about the appeal of other companies’ marketing, and may help
expand user traffic for all companies concerned.
The same dramatic technological changes that have provided marketers with
more (and more diverse) communications choices have also increased the risk that
passionate consumers will voice their opinions in quicker, more visible, and much
more damaging ways. Such hijacked media are the opposite of earned media: an asset
or campaign becomes hostage to consumers, other stakeholders, or activists who
make negative allegations about a brand or product. Members of social networks, for
instance, are learning that they can hijack media to apply pressure on the businesses
that originally created them.
If that happens, passionate consumers would try to persuade others to boycott
products, putting the reputation of the target company at risk. In such a case, the
company’s response may not be sufficiently quick or thoughtful, and the learning
curve has been steep. Toyota Motor, for example, alleviated some of the damage from
its recall crisis earlier this year with a relatively quick and well-orchestrated social-
media response campaign, which included efforts to engage with consumers directly
on sites such as Twitter and the social-news site Digg.
.
pastpapers.cn
31. Consumers may create “earned” media when they are
[A]obsessed with online shopping at certain Web sites.
[B]inspired by product-promoting e-mails sent to them.
[C]eager to help their friends promote quality products.
[D]enthusiastic about recommending their favorite products.
32. According to Paragraph 2, sold media feature
[A]a safe business environment.
[B]random competition.
[C]strong user traffic.
[D]flexibility in organization.
33. The author indicates in Paragraph 3 that earned media
[A]invite constant conflicts with passionate consumers.
[B]can be used to produce negative effects in marketing.
[C]may be responsible for fiercer competition.
[D]deserve all the negative comments about them.
34. Toyota Motor’s experience is cited as an example of
[A]responding effectively to hijacked media.
[B]persuading customers into boycotting products.
[C]cooperating with supportive consumers.
[D]taking advantage of hijacked media.
35. Which of the following is the text mainly about?
[A]Alternatives to conventional paid media.
[B]Conflict between hijacked and earned media.
[C]Dominance of hijacked media.
[D]Popularity of owned media.
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 4
It’s no surprise that Jennifer Senior’s insightful, provocative magazine cover
story, “I love My Children, I Hate My Life, ” is arousing much chatter – nothing gets
people talking like the suggestion that child rearing is anything less than a completely
fulfilling, life-enriching experience. Rather than concluding that children make
parents either happy or miserable, Senior suggests we need to redefine happiness:
instead of thinking of it as something that can be measured by moment-to-moment joy,
we should consider being happy as a past-tense condition. Even though the day-to-
day experience of raising kids can be soul-crushingly hard, Senior writes that “the very
things that in the moment dampen our moods can later be sources of intense
gratification and delight.”
The magazine cover showing an attractive mother holding a cute baby is hardly
the only Madonna-and-child image on newsstands this week. There are also stories
about newly adoptive – and newly single – mom Sandra Bullock, as well as the usual
“Jennifer Aniston is pregnant” news. Practically every week features at least one
celebrity mom, or mom-to-be, smiling on the newsstands.
In a society that so persistently celebrates procreation, is it any wonder that
admitting you regret having children is equivalent to admitting you support kitten-
killing? It doesn’t seem quite fair, then, to compare the regrets of parents to the regrets
of the childless. Unhappy parents rarely are provoked to wonder if they shouldn’t
have had kids, but unhappy childless folks are bothered with the message that children
are the single most important thing in the world: obviously their misery must be a
direct result of the gaping baby-size holes in their lives.
Of course, the image of parenthood that celebrity magazines like Us Weekly and
People present is hugely unrealistic, especially when the parents are single mothers
like Bullock. According to several studies concluding that parents are less happy than
childless couples, single parents are the least happy of all. No shock there,
considering how much work it is to raise a kid without a partner to lean on; yet to
hear Sandra and Britney tell it, raising a kid on their “own” (read: with round-the-
clock help) is a piece of cake.
It’s hard to imagine that many people are dumb enough to want children just
because Reese and Angelina make it look so glamorous: most adults understand that a
baby is not a haircut. But it’s interesting to wonder if the images we see every week
of stress-free, happiness-enhancing parenthood aren’t in some small, subconscious
way contributing to our own dissatisfactions with the actual experience, in the same
way that a small part of us hoped getting “the Rachel” might make us look just a little
bit like Jennifer Aniston.
.
pastpapers.cn
36. Jennifer Senior suggests in her article that raising a child can bring
[A]temporary delight.
[B]enjoyment in progress.
[C]happiness in retrospect.
[D]lasting reward.
37. We learn from Paragraph 2 that
[A]celebrity moms are a permanent source for gossip.
[B]single mothers with babies deserve greater attention.
[C]news about pregnant celebrities is entertaining.
[D]having children is highly valued by the public.
38. It is suggested in Paragraph 3 that childless folks
[A]are constantly exposed to criticism.
[B]are largely ignored by the media.
[C]fail to fulfill their social responsibilities.
[D]are less likely to be satisfied with their life.
39. According to Paragraph 4, the message conveyed by celebrity magazines is
[A]soothing.
[B]ambiguous.
[C]compensatory.
[D]misleading.
40. Which of the following can be inferred from the last paragraph?
[A]Having children contributes little to the glamour of celebrity moms.
[B]Celebrity moms have influenced our attitude towards child rearing.
[C]Having children intensifies our dissatisfaction with life.
[D]We sometimes neglect the happiness from child rearing.
.
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41-45, you are
required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list
A-G and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs E and G have been
correctly placed. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
[A] No disciplines have seized on professionalism with as much enthusiasm as the
humanities. You can, Mr. Menand points out, become a lawyer in three years
and a medical doctor in four. But the regular time it takes to get a doctoral degree
in the humanities is nine years. Not surprisingly, up to half of all doctoral
students in English drop out before getting their degrees.
[B] His concern is mainly with the humanities: literature, languages, philosophy and
so on. These are disciplines that are going out of style: 22% of American
college graduates now major in business compared with only 2% in history and
4% in English. However, many leading American universities want their
undergraduates to have a grounding in the basic canon of ideas that every
educated person should possess. But most find it difficult to agree on what a
“general education” should look like. At Harvard, Mr. Menand notes, “the
great books are read because they have been read” – they form a sort of social
glue.
[C] Equally unsurprisingly, only about half end up with professorships for which
they entered graduate school. There are simply too few posts. This is partly
because universities continue to produce ever more PhDs. But fewer students
want to study humanities subjects: English departments awarded more bachelor’s
degrees in 1970-71 than they did 20 years later. Fewer students require fewer
teachers. So, at the end of a decade of thesis-writing, many humanities students
leave the profession to do something for which they have not been trained.
[D] One reason why it is hard to design and teach such courses is that they cut across
the insistence by top American universities that liberal-arts education and
professional education should be kept separate, taught in different schools.
Many students experience both varieties. Although more than half of Harvard
undergraduates end up in law, medicine or business, future doctors and lawyers
must study a non-specialist liberal-arts degree before embarking on a professional
qualification.
.
pastpapers.cn
[E] Besides professionalising the professions by this separation, top American
universities have professionalised the professor. The growth in public money
for academic research has speeded the process: federal research grants rose
fourfold between 1960 and 1990, but faculty teaching hours fell by half as
research took its toll. Professionalism has turned the acquisition of a doctoral
degree into a prerequisite for a successful academic career: as late as 1969 a
third of American professors did not possess one. But the key idea behind
professionalisation, argues Mr. Menand, is that “the knowledge and skills
needed for a particular specialisation are transmissible but not transferable.” So
disciplines acquire a monopoly not just over the production of knowledge, but
also over the production of the producers of knowledge.
[F] The key to reforming higher education, concludes Mr. Menand, is to alter the
way in which “the producers of knowledge are produced”. Otherwise,
academics will continue to think dangerously alike, increasingly detached
from the societies which they study, investigate and criticise. “Academic
inquiry, at least in some fields, may need to become less exclusionary and
more holistic.” Yet quite how that happens, Mr. Menand does not say.
[G] The subtle and intelligent little book The Marketplace of Ideas: Reform and
Resistance in the American University should be read by every student thinking
of applying to take a doctoral degree. They may then decide to go elsewhere.
For something curious has been happening in American universities, and
Louis Menand, a professor of English at Harvard University, captured it skillfully.
→ → → → → →
G 41. 42. E 43. 44. 45.
.
pastpapers.cn
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)
With its theme that “Mind is the master weaver,” creating our inner character and
outer circumstances, the book As a Man Thinketh by James Allen is an in-depth
exploration of the central idea of self-help writing.
(46) Allen’s contribution was to take an assumption we all share – that because
we are not robots we therefore control our thoughts – and reveal its erroneous nature.
Because most of us believe that mind is separate from matter, we think that thoughts
can be hidden and made powerless; this allows us to think one way and act another.
However, Allen believed that the unconscious mind generates as much action as the
conscious mind, and (47) while we may be able to sustain the illusion of control
through the conscious mind alone, in reality we are continually faced with a question:
“Why cannot I make myself do this or achieve that?”
Since desire and will are damaged by the presence of thoughts that do not accord
with desire, Allen concluded: “We do not attract what we want, but what we are.”
Achievement happens because you as a person embody the external achievement; you
don’t “get” success but become it. There is no gap between mind and matter.
Part of the fame of Allen’s book is its contention that “Circumstances do not
make a person, they reveal him.” (48) This seems a justification for neglect of those in
need, and a rationalization of exploitation, of the superiority of those at the top and
the inferiority of those at the bottom .
This, however, would be a knee-jerk reaction to a subtle argument. Each set of
circumstances, however bad, offers a unique opportunity for growth. If circumstances
always determined the life and prospects of people, then humanity would never have
progressed. In fact, (49) circumstances seem to be designed to bring out the best in us,
and if we feel that we have been “wronged” then we are unlikely to begin a conscious
effort to escape from our situation. Nevertheless, as any biographer knows, a person’s
early life and its conditions are often the greatest gift to an individual.
The sobering aspect of Allen’s book is that we have no one else to blame for our
present condition except ourselves. (50) The upside is the possibilities contained in
knowing that everything is up to us; where before we were experts in the array of
limitations, now we become authorities of what is possible.
.
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
Write a letter to a friend of yours to
1)recommend one of your favorite movies and
2)give reasons for your recommendation.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
Do not write the address. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay,
you should
1)describe the drawing briefly,
2)explain its intended meaning, and
3)give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)
旅程之“余”
.
pastpapers.cn
2011年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.C 2.D 3.B 4.B 5.A 6.B 7.A 8.D 9.C 10.A
11.B 12.C 13.D 14.C 15.B 16.D 17.A 18.D 19.A 20.C
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 C B D B A Text 2 26~30 B D C A C
Text 3 31~35 D C B A A Text 4 36~40 C D A D B
Part B
41.B 42.D 43.A 44.C 45.F
Part C
46．爱伦的贡献在于，他拿出“我们并非机器人，因此能掌控自己的思想”这一
公认的假设，并揭示了其谬误所在。
47．尽管我们或许可以仅凭意识来维系“控制”这种错觉，现实中我们还是不断
要面对一个问题：“我为什么不能让自己做这个或实现那个？”
48．这似乎是在为忽视贫困者的行为作辩护，为剥削、为社会上层人群的优越
及社会底层人群的卑微找理由。
49．环境仿佛就是为了激发我们的最大潜能而设，如果我们觉得自己遭受了
“不公”，就不太可能有意识地去努力摆脱自己的处境。
50．其正面意义在于，了解了一切都取决于我们自己，即有了诸多可能；此前
我们是谙熟各种局限的专家，现在我们成了驾驭各种可能性的权威。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2011年 英语二 (来源: 2011-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2011 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Readthefollowing text.Choosethebestword(s) foreachnumberedblankand markA,
B,CorDonANSWERSHEET1.(10points)
The Internet affords anonymity to its users, a blessing to privacy and freedom
of speech. But that very anonymity is also behind the explosion of cyber-crime
thathas 1 acrosstheWeb.
Can privacy be preserved 2 bringing safety and security to a world that
seemsincreasingly 3 ?
Last month, Howard Schmidt, the nation’s cyber-czar, offered the federal
government a 4 to make the Web a safer place – a “voluntary trusted
identity” system that would be the high-tech 5 of a physical key, a
fingerprint and a photo ID card, all rolled 6 one. The system might use a
smart identity card, or a digital credential 7 to a specific computer, and
wouldauthenticateusersatarangeofonlineservices.
The idea is to 8 a federation of private online identity systems. Users
could 9 which system to join, and only registered userswhose identities have been
authenticated could navigate those systems. The approach contrasts with one that
wouldrequireanInternetdriver’slicense 10 bythe government.
Googleand Microsoft are amongcompaniesthatalreadyhave these“single sign-
on” systems that make it possible for users to 11 just once but use many
different services.
12 , the approach would create a “walled garden” in cyberspace, with
safe “neighborhoods” and bright “streetlights” toestablish asense ofa 13
community.
Mr. Schmidt described it as a “voluntary ecosystem” in which “individuals
and organizations can complete online transactions with 14 , trusting the
identities of each other and the identities of the infrastructure 15 which the
transaction runs.”
Still, the administration’s plan has 16 privacy rights activists. Some
applaud theapproach; othersareconcerned. It seems clear that such ascheme isan
initiative push toward what would 17 be a compulsory Internet “driver’s
license” mentality.
The plan has also been greeted with 18 by some computer security
experts, who worry that the “voluntary ecosystem” envisioned by Mr. Schmidt
would still leave much of the Internet 19 . They argue that all Internet users
should be 20 to register and identify themselves, in the same way that
drivers mustbelicensedtodriveonpublicroads.
2
pastpapers.cn
1．[A]swept [B]skipped [C]walked [D]ridden
2．[A]for [B]within [C]while [D]though
3．[A]careless [B]lawless [C]pointless [D]helpless
4．[A]reason [B]reminder [C]compromise [D]proposal
5．[A]information [B]interference [C]entertainment [D]equivalent
6．[A]by [B]into [C]from [D]over
7．[A]linked [B]directed [C]chained [D]compared
8．[A]dismiss [B]discover [C]create [D]improve
9．[A]recall [B]suggest [C]select [D]realize
10．[A]released [B]issued [C]distributed [D]delivered
11．[A]carryon [B]lingeron [C]setin [D]login
12．[A]In vain [B]In effect [C]In return [D]In contrast
13．[A]trusted [B]modernized [C]thriving [D]competing
14．[A]caution [B]delight [C]confidence [D]patience
15．[A]on [B]after [C]beyond [D]across
16．[A]divided [B]disappointed [C]protected [D]united
17．[A]frequently [B]incidentally [C]occasionally [D]eventually
18．[A]skepticism [B]tolerance [C]indifference [D]enthusiasm
19．[A]manageable [B]defendable [C]vulnerable [D]invisible
20．[A]invited [B]appointed [C]allowed [D]forced
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions after each text by choosing A,
B, C or D. Mark your answers onANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
3
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Ruth Simmons joined Goldman Sachs’s board as an outside director in
January 2000; a year later she became president of Brown University. For the rest of
the decade she apparently managed both roles without attracting much criticism. But
by the end of 2009 Ms. Simmons was under fire for having sat on Goldman’s
compensation committee; how could she have let those enormous bonus payouts
pass unremarked? By February the next year Ms. Simmons had left the board. The
position was just taking up too much time, she said.
Outsidedirectorsaresupposed toserveas helpful, yet less biased, advisers on
a firm’s board. Having made their wealth and their reputations elsewhere, they
presumably have enough independence to disagree with the chief executive’s
proposals. If the sky, and the share price is falling, outside directors should be able
to give advice based on having weathered their own crises.
The researchers from Ohio University used a database that covered more
than 10,000 firms and more than 64,000 different directors between 1989 and
2004.Thentheysimplychecked whichdirectorsstayedfromoneproxystatement to
the next. The most likely reason for departing a board was age, so the
researchers concentrated on those “surprise” disappearances by directors under
the age of 70. They found that after a surprise departure, the probability that the
company will subsequently have to restate earnings increases by nearly 20%. The
likelihood of being named in a federal class-action lawsuit also increases, and the
stock is likely to perform worse. The effect tended to be larger for larger firms.
Although a correlation between them leaving and subsequent bad performance at
thefirm issuggestive, itdoesnotmeanthatsuch directors are always jumping off a
sinking ship. Often they “trade up,” leaving riskier, smaller firms for larger and more
stable firms.
But the researchers believe that outside directors have an easier time of
avoiding a blow to their reputations if they leave a firm before bad news breaks,
even if a review of history shows they were on the board at the time any
wrongdoing occurred. Firms who want to keep their outside directors through
tough times may have to create incentives. Otherwise outside directors will
follow the example of Ms. Simmons, once again very popular on campus.
4
pastpapers.cn
21.AccordingtoParagraph1,Ms.Simmonswascriticizedfor .
[A]gainingexcessiveprofits
[B]failingtofulfillherduty
[C]refusingtomakecompromises
[D]leavingtheboardintoughtimes
22.WelearnfromParagraph2thatoutsidedirectorsaresupposedtobe .
[A]generousinvestors
[B]unbiasedexecutives
[C]sharepriceforecasters
[D]independentadvisers
23. AccordingtotheresearchersfromOhioUniversity,afteranoutsidedirector’s
surprisedeparture,thefirmislikelyto .
[A]becomemorestable
[B]reportincreasedearnings
[C]dolesswellinthestockmarket
[D]performworseinlawsuits
24.Itcanbeinferredfrom thelastparagraphthatoutsidedirectors .
[A]maystayfor theattractiveoffersfromthefirm
[B]haveoftenhadrecordsofwrongdoingsinthefirm
[C]areaccustomedtostress-freeworkinthefirm
[D]willdeclineincentivesfromthefirm
25.Theauthor’sattitudetowardtheroleofoutsidedirectorsis .
[A]permissive
[B]positive
[C]scornful
[D]critical
5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Whatever happenedtothedeathofnewspapers? Ayear ago theendseemednear.
The recession threatened to remove the advertising and readers that had not already
fled to the internet. Newspapers like the San Francisco Chronicle were chronicling
their own doom. America’s Federal Trade Commission launched a round of talks
about how to save newspapers. Should they become charitable corporations? Should
the state subsidize them? It will hold another meeting soon. But the discussions now
seemoutof date.
In much of the world there is little sign of crisis. German and Brazilian
papers have shrugged off the recession. Even American newspapers, which inhabit
the most troubled corner of the global industry, have not only survived but often
returned to profit. Not the 20% profit margins that were routine a few years ago, but
profitallthe same.
It has not been much fun. Many papers stayed afloat by pushing journalists
overboard. The American Society of News Editors reckons that 13,500 newsroom
jobs have gone since 2007. Readers are paying more for slimmer products. Some
papers even hadthe nerve torefuse delivery todistant suburbs. Yet these desperate
measures have proved the right ones and, sadly for many journalists, they can be
pushed further.
Newspapers are becoming more balanced businesses, with a healthier mix of
revenues from readers and advertisers. American papers have long been highly
unusual in their reliance on ads. Fully 87% of their revenues came from
advertising in 2008, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation &
Development (OECD). In Japan the proportion is 35%. Not surprisingly, Japanese
newspapersaremuchmore stable.
The whirlwind that swept through newsrooms harmed everybody, but much
of the damage has been concentrated in areas where newspapers are least
distinctive. Car and film reviewers have gone. So have science and general
business reporters. Foreign bureaus have been savagely cut off. Newspapers are
less complete as a result. But completeness is no longer a virtue in the newspaper
business.
6
pastpapers.cn
26. Bysaying “Newspapers like ...their owndoom”(Lines3-4, Para.1), the author
indicates that newspapers .
[A]neglectedthesign ofcrisis
[B]failedtogetstatesubsidies
[C]werenotcharitablecorporations
[D]wereinadesperatesituation
27.Somenewspapersrefuseddeliverytodistantsuburbsprobablybecause .
[A]readersthreatenedtopayless
[B]newspaperswantedtoreducecosts
[C]journalistsreportedlittleabouttheseareas
[D]subscriberscomplainedaboutslimmerproducts
28. ComparedwiththeirAmericancounterparts,Japanesenewspapersare much
morestable becausethey .
[A]havemoresourcesofrevenue
[B]havemorebalancednewsrooms
[C]arelessdependentonadvertising
[D]arelessaffectedbyreadership
29. Whatcanbeinferredfromthelastparagraphaboutthecurrentnewspaper
business?
[A]Distinctivenessisanessentialfeatureofnewspapers.
[B]Completenessistoblamefor thefailureofnewspaper.
[C]Foreignbureausplayacrucialroleinthenewspaperbusiness.
[D]Readershavelosttheirinterestincarandfilmreviews.
30.Themostappropriatetitlefor thistextwouldbe .
[A]AmericanNewspapers:StrugglingforSurvival
[B]AmericanNewspapers:GonewiththeWind
[C]AmericanNewspapers:AThrivingBusiness
[D]AmericanNewspapers:AHopelessStory
7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
We tend to think of the decades immediately following World War II as a
time of prosperity and growth, with soldiers returning home by the millions,
going off to college on the G. I. Bill and lining up at the marriage bureaus.
But when it came to their houses, it was a time of common sense and a belief
that less could truly be more. During the Depression and the war, Americans had
learned to live with less, and that restraint, in combination with the postwar
confidenceinthefuture,madesmall,efficienthousingpositivelystylish.
Economic condition was only a stimulus for the trend toward efficient living.
The phrase “less is more” was actually first popularized by a German, the
architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, who like other people associated with the
Bauhaus, a school of design, emigrated to the United States before World War II
and took up posts at American architecture schools. These designers came to exert
enormous influence on the course of American architecture, but none more so
than Mies.
Mies’s signature phrase means that less decoration, properly organized, has
more impact than a lot. Elegance, he believed, did not derive from abundance.
Like other modern architects, he employed metal, glass and laminated wood –
materials that we take for granted today but that in the 1940s symbolized the
future. Mies’s sophisticated presentation masked the fact that the spaces he
designedweresmallandefficient,ratherthanbigandoftenempty.
The apartments in the elegant towers Mies built on Chicago’s Lake Shore
Drive, for example, were smaller – two-bedroom units under 1,000 square feet –
than those in their older neighbors along the city’s Gold Coast. But they were
popular because of their airy glass walls, the views they afforded and the elegance
of the buildings’ details and proportions, the architectural equivalent of the
abstractartso popularatthe time.
The trend toward “less” was not entirely foreign. In the 1930s Frank Lloyd
Wright started building more modest and efficient houses – usually around 1,200
square feet – than the spreading two-story ones hehaddesigned inthe 1890s and the
early20th century.
The “Case Study Houses” commissioned from talented modern architects by
California Arts & Architecture magazine between 1945 and 1962 were yet another
homegrown influence on the “less is more” trend. Aesthetic effect came from the
landscape, new materials and forthright detailing. In his Case Study House, Ralph
Rapson may have mispredicted just how the mechanical revolution would impact
everyday life – few American families acquired helicopters, though most eventually
got clothes dryers – but his belief that self-sufficiency was both desirable and
inevitablewaswidelyshared.
8
pastpapers.cn
31.ThepostwarAmericanhousingstylelargelyreflectedtheAmericans’ .
[A]prosperityandgrowth
[B]efficiencyandpracticality
[C]restraintandconfidence
[D]prideandfaithfulness
32.Whichofthefollowingcanbeinferredfrom Paragraph3abouttheBauhaus?
[A]ItwasfoundedbyLudwigMiesvanderRohe.
[B]ItsdesigningconceptwasaffectedbyWorldWarII.
[C]MostAmericanarchitectsusedtobeassociatedwithit.
[D]IthadagreatinfluenceuponAmericanarchitecture.
33.Miesheldthateleganceofarchitecturaldesign .
[A]wasrelatedtolargespace
[B]wasidentifiedwithemptiness
[C]wasnotreliantonabundantdecoration
[D]wasnotassociatedwithefficiency
34.WhatistrueabouttheapartmentsMiesbuiltonChicago’sLakeShoreDrive?
[A]Theyignoreddetailsandproportions.
[B]Theywerebuiltwithmaterialspopularatthattime.
[C]Theyweremorespaciousthanneighboringbuildings.
[D]Theysharedsomecharacteristicsofabstractart.
35.Whatcanwelearnaboutthedesign ofthe“CaseStudyHouses”?
[A]Mechanicaldeviceswerewidelyused.
[B]Naturalscenesweretakenintoconsideration.
[C]Detailsweresacrificedfortheoveralleffect.
[D]Eco-friendlymaterialswereemployed.
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Will the European Union make it? The question would have sounded strange
notlongago. Noweven theproject’sgreatest cheerleaders talkof a continent facing
a “Bermuda triangle” of debt, population decline and lower growth.
As well as those chronic problems, the EU faces an acute crisis in its
economic core, the 16 countries that use the single currency. Markets have lost
faith that the euro zone’s economies, weaker or stronger, will one day converge
thanks to the discipline of sharing a single currency, which denies uncompetitive
membersthequickfixof devaluation.
Yet the debate about how to save Europe’s single currency from
disintegration is stuck. It is stuck because the euro zone’s dominant powers,
France and Germany, agree on the need for greater harmonisation within the
euro zone, but disagree about what to harmonise.
Germany thinks the euro must be saved by stricter rules on borrowing,
spending and competitiveness, backed by quasi-automatic sanctions for governments
that do not obey. These might include threats to freeze EU funds for poorer regions
and EU mega-projects, and even the suspension of a country’s voting rights in EU
ministerial councils. It insists that economic co-ordination should involve all 27
members of the EU club, among whom there is a small majority for free-market
liberalism and economic rigour; in the inner core alone, Germany fears, a small
majority favour French interference.
A “southern” camp headed by France wants something different: “European
economic government” within an inner core of euro-zone members. Translated,
that meanspoliticians intervening in monetary policy and a system of redistribution
from richer to poorer members, via cheaper borrowing for governments through
common Eurobonds or complete fiscal transfers. Finally, figures close to the Franch
government have murmured, euro-zone members should agree to some fiscal and
socialharmonisation: e.g.,curbingcompetition incorporate-tax ratesorlabour costs.
It is too soon to write off the EU. It remains the world’s largest trading block.
Atitsbest,theEuropeanprojectisremarkably liberal: built around asingle market
of27richandpoorcountries, itsinternalborders arefar more open to goods, capital
and labour than any comparable trading area. It is an ambitious attempt to blunt the
sharpest edges of globalisation, and make capitalism benign.
10
pastpapers.cn
36.TheEUisfacedwithsomanyproblemsthat .
[A]ithasmoreorlesslostfaithinmarkets
[B]evenitssupportersbegintofeelconcerned
[C]someofitsmembercountriesplantoabandoneuro
[D]itintendstodenythepossibilityofdevaluation
37. ThedebateovertheEU’ssinglecurrencyisstuck because the dominant
powers _____.
[A]arecompetingfor theleadingposition
[B]arebusyhandlingtheirowncrises
[C]failtoreachanagreementonharmonisation
[D]disagreeonthestepstowardsdisintegration
38.Tosolvetheeuroproblem,Germanyproposedthat .
[A]EUfundsfor poorregionsbeincreased
[B]stricterregulationsbeimposed
[C]onlycoremembersbeinvolved ineconomicco-ordination
[D]votingrightsoftheEUmembersbeguaranteed
39.TheFrenchproposalofhandlingthecrisisimpliesthat .
[A]poorcountriesaremorelikelytogetfunds
[B]strictmonetarypolicywillbeappliedtopoorcountries
[C]loanswillbereadilyavailabletorichcountries
[D]richcountrieswillbasicallycontrolEurobonds
40.RegardingthefutureoftheEU,theauthorseemstofeel .
[A]pessimistic
[B]desperate
[C]conceited
[D]hopeful
11
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and answer the questions by finding information from the
right column that corresponds to each of the marked details given in the left
column. There are two extra choices in the right column. Mark your answers on
ANSWERSHEET1.(10points)
Leading doctors today weigh in on the debate over the government’s role in
promoting public health by demanding that ministers impose “fat taxes” on
unhealthy food and introduce cigarette-style warnings to children about the
dangers ofapoor diet.
The demands follow comments made last week by the health secretary,
Andrew Lansley, who insisted the government could not force people to make
healthy choices and promised to free businesses from public health regulations.
But senior medical figures want to stop fast-food outlets opening near
schools, restrict advertising of products high in fat, salt or sugar, and limit
sponsorship ofsportseventsbyfast-food producerssuchas McDonald’s.
They argue that government action is necessary to curb Britain’s addiction to
unhealthy food and help halt spiraling rates of obesity, diabetes and heart disease.
Professor Terence Stephenson, president of the Royal College of Paediatrics and
Child Health, said that the consumption of unhealthy food should be seen to be
justasdamagingassomkingorexcessive drinking.
“Thirty years ago, it would have been inconceivable to have imagined a ban
on smoking in the workplace or in pubs, and yet that is what we have now. Are we
willingtobejustascourageous inrespectofobesity?Iwouldsuggest that weshould
be,” said the leader of the UK’s children’s doctors.
Lansley has alarmed health campaigners by suggesting he wants industry
rather than government to take the lead. He said that manufacturers of crisps and
candies could play a central role in the Change4Life campaign, the centrepiece of
government efforts to boost healthy eating and fitness. He has also criticised the
celebrity chef Jamie Oliver’s high-profile attempt to improve school lunches in
England as an example of how “lecturing” people was not the best way to change
their behaviour.
Stephenson suggested potential restrictions could include banning TV
advertisements for foods high in fat, salt or sugar before 9 pm and limiting them
on billboards or in cinemas. “If we were really bold, we might even begin to think
of high-calorie fast food in the same way as cigarettes – by setting strict limits on
advertising, product placement and sponsorship of sports events,” he said.
12
pastpapers.cn
Such a move could affect firms such as McDonald’s, which sponsors the
youthcoaching schemerun bytheFootball Association. Fast-food chainsshould also
stop offering “inducements” such as toys, cute animals and mobile phone credit to
lureyoung customers, Stephenson said.
Professor DineshBhugra, president oftheRoyal College of Psychiatrists, said:
“If children are taught about the impact that food has on their growth, and that
some things can harm, at least information is available up front.”
He also urged councils to impose “fast-food-free zones” around schools and
hospitals–areaswithinwhichtakeawayscannotopen.
ADepartmentofHealthspokesperson said:“Weneedtocreate anew visionfor
public health where all of society works together to get healthy and live longer. This
includes creating a new ‘responsibility deal’ with business, built on social
responsibility, not state regulation. Later this year, we will publish a white paper
settingoutexactlyhow wewillachievethis.”
The food industry will be alarmed that such senior doctors back such radical
moves, especially the call to usesome of the tough tactics that have been deployed
againstsmokingoverthelast decade.
[A]“fattaxes”shouldbeimposedonfast-food
producerssuchasMcDonald’s.
41. AndrewLansleyheldthat [B]thegovernmentshouldbanfast-foodoutlets
intheneighborhoodofschools.
42.TerenceStephensonagreed [C]“lecturing”wasaneffectivewaytoimprove
that schoollunchesinEngland.
43. JamieOliverseemedto [D] cigar ette-style warnings should be
believethat introducedtochildrenaboutthedangersofa
poordiet.
44. DineshBhugrasuggested [E]theproducersofcrispsandcandiescould
that contributesignificantlytotheChange4Life
campaign.
45. ADepartmentofHealth [F]parentsshouldsetgood examplesfor their
spokespersonproposedthat childrenbykeepingahealthydietathome.
[G]thegovernmentshouldstrengthenthesense
ofresponsibilityamongbusinesses.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46. Directions:
Inthissectionthereis atextin English.TranslateitintoChinese.Writeyourtranslation
onANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
Who would have thought that, globally, the IT industry produces about the
same volume of greenhouse gases as the world’s airlines do – roughly 2 percent of
allCO emissions?
2
Many everyday tasks take a surprising toll on the environment. A Google
search can leak between 0.2 and 7.0 grams of CO2, depending on how many
attempts are needed to get the “right” answer. To deliver results to its users
quickly, then, Google has to maintain vast data centres around the world, packed
with powerful computers. While producing large quantities of CO2, these
computers emit a great deal of heat, so the centres need to be well air-conditioned,
whichusesevenmoreenergy.
However, Google and other big tech providers monitor their efficiency
closelyandmakeimprovements. Monitoring isthefirst stepontheroad to reduction,
but there is much more to be done, and not just by big companies.
Section IV Writing
PartA
47.Directions:
Suppose your cousin Li Ming has just been admitted to a university. Write
him/heraletterto
1)congratulatehim/her,and
2)givehim/hersuggestionsonhowtogetpreparedforuniversitylife.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsonANSWERSHEET2.
Donot signyour ownnameattheendoftheletter.Use“ZhangWei”instead.
Donot writetheaddress.(10points)
14
pastpapers.cn
PartB
48. Directions:
Writeanessaybasedonthefollowingchart.In yourwriting, you should
1)interpretthechartand
2)giveyour comments.
Youshouldwriteatleast150words.
Writeyour essayonANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
15
pastpapers.cn
2011年考研英语二真题答案
SectionⅠUseof English
1.A 2.C 3.B 4.D 5.D 6.B 7.A 8.C 9.C 10.B
11.D 12.B 13.A 14.C 15.A 16.A 17.D 18.A 19.C 20.D
SectionⅡReadingComprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 BDC AB Text2 26~30 DBC AA
Text3 31~35 CDC DB Text4 36~40 BC B AD
PartB
41.E 42.D 43.C 44.B 45.G
PartC
46.
谁会想到信息技术行业产生的温室气体总量会与航空业不相上下，约占全球二氧化
碳排放量的2%?
信息技术行业的许多日常工作对环境造成了意想不到的危害。每用谷歌搜索一次就
会释放出0.2克至7.0克的二氧化碳，释放量的多少取决于使用者需要搜索多少次才能得
到“正确”答案。为了把搜索结果迅速传输给用户，谷歌不得不在全世界范围内建立大型
数据中心，并配备大功率计算机。除了排放大量二氧化碳，这些计算机还释放许多热量，
因此数据中心还需要良好的空调环境，而这又会消耗更多的能量。
不过，谷歌和其他大型技术供应商已在密切监控其数据中心的工作效率并做出改进。
监控只是减排的第一步，需要做的还有很多，而且这不单单是大公司的事情。
SectionIII Writing
47、48见解析
16
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2010年 英语一 (来源: 2010-1.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2010 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（一）
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷条形
码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由考生
自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B 铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
.
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
In 1924 America’s National Research Council sent two engineers to supervise a
series of experiments at a telephone-parts factory called the Hawthorne Plant near
Chicago. It hoped they would learn how shop-floor lighting 1 workers’
productivity. Instead, the studies ended 2 giving their name to the “Hawthorne
effect,” the extremely influential idea that the very 3 of being experimented
upon changed subjects’ behavior.
The idea arose because of the 4 behavior of the women in the plant.
According to 5 of the experiments, their hourly output rose when lighting
was increased, but also when it was dimmed. It did not 6 what was done in the
experiment; 7 something was changed, productivity rose. A(n) 8 that
they were being experimented upon seemed to be 9 to alter workers’
behavior 10 itself.
After several decades, the same data were 11 to econometric analysis. The
Hawthorne experiments had another surprise in store. 12 the descriptions on
record, no systematic 13 was found that levels of productivity were related to
changes in lighting.
It turns out that the peculiar way of conducting the experiments may have led
to 14 interpretations of what happened. 15 , lighting was always changed
on a Sunday. When work started again on Monday, output 16 rose compared
with the previous Saturday and 17 to rise for the next couple of days. 18 ,
a comparison with data for weeks when there was no experimentation showed that
output always went up on Mondays. Workers 19 to be diligent for the first few
days of the week in any case, before 20 a plateau and then slackening off. This
.
pastpapers.cn
suggests that the alleged “Hawthorne effect” is hard to pin down.
1. [A] affected [B] achieved [C] extracted [D] restored
2. [A] at [B] up [C] with [D] off
3. [A] truth [B] sight [C] act [D] proof
4. [A] controversial [B] perplexing [C] mischievous [D] ambiguous
5. [A] requirements [B] explanations [C] accounts [D] assessments
6. [A] conclude [B] matter [C] indicate [D] work
7. [A] as far as [B] for fear that [C] in case that [D] so long as
8. [A] awareness [B] expectation [C] sentiment [D] illusion
9. [A] suitable [B] excessive [C] enough [D] abundant
10.[A] about [B] for [C] on [D] by
11.[A] compared [B] shown [C] subjected [D] conveyed
12.[A] Contrary to [B] Consistent with [C] Parallel with [D] Peculiar to
13.[A] evidence [B] guidance [C] implication [D] source
14.[A] disputable [B] enlightening [C] reliable [D] misleading
15. [A] In contrast [B] For example [C] In consequence [D] As usual
16.[A] duly [B] accidentally [C] unpredictably [D] suddenly
17.[A] failed [B] ceased [C] started [D] continued
18.[A] Therefore [B] Furthermore [C] However [D] Meanwhile
19.[A] attempted [B] tended [C] chose [D] intended
20.[A] breaking [B] climbing [C] surpassing [D] hitting
Section II Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A,
B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 1
Of all the changes that have taken place in English-language newspapers during
the past quarter-century, perhaps the most far-reaching has been the inexorable
decline in the scope and seriousness of their arts coverage.
It is difficult to the point of impossibility for the average reader under the age of
forty to imagine a time when high-quality arts criticism could be found in most big-
city newspapers. Yet a considerable number of the most significant collections of
criticism published in the 20th century consisted in large part of newspaper reviews.
To read such books today is to marvel at the fact that their learned contents were once
deemed suitable for publication in general-circulation dailies.
We are even farther removed from the unfocused newspaper reviews published
in England between the turn of the 20th century and the eve of World War II, at a time
when newsprint was dirt-cheap and stylish arts criticism was considered an ornament
to the publications in which it appeared. In those far-off days, it was taken for granted
that the critics of major papers would write in detail and at length about the events
they covered. Theirs was a serious business, and even those reviewers who wore their
learning lightly, like George Bernard Shaw and Ernest Newman, could be trusted to
know what they were about. These men believed in journalism as a calling, and were
proud to be published in the daily press. “So few authors have brains enough or
literary gift enough to keep their own end up in journalism, ” Newman wrote, “that I
am tempted to define ‘journalism’ as ‘a term of contempt applied by writers who are
not read to writers who are ’.”
Unfortunately, these critics are virtually forgotten. Neville Cardus, who wrote for
the Manchester Guardian from 1917 until shortly before his death in 1975, is now
known solely as a writer of essays on the game of cricket. During his lifetime, though,
he was also one of England’s foremost classical-music critics, and a stylist so widely
admired that his Autobiography (1947) became a best-seller. He was knighted in 1967,
the first music critic to be so honored. Yet only one of his books is now in print, and
his vast body of writings on music is unknown save to specialists.
Is there any chance that Cardus’s criticism will enjoy a revival? The prospect
seems remote. Journalistic tastes had changed long before his death, and postmodern
readers have little use for the richly upholstered Vicwardian prose in which he
specialized. Moreover, the amateur tradition in music criticism has been in headlong
retreat.
.
pastpapers.cn
21.It is indicated in Paragraphs 1 and 2 that
[A] arts criticism has disappeared from big-city newspapers.
[B] English-language newspapers used to carry more arts reviews.
[C] high-quality newspapers retain a large body of readers.
[D] young readers doubt the suitability of criticism on dailies.
22.Newspaper reviews in England before World War II were characterized by
[A] free themes.
[B] casual style.
[C] elaborate layout.
[D] radical viewpoints.
23.Which of the following would Shaw and Newman most probably agree on?
[A] It is writers’ duty to fulfill journalistic goals.
[B] It is contemptible for writers to be journalists.
[C]Writers are likely to be tempted into journalism.
[D] Not all writers are capable of journalistic writing.
24.What can be learned about Cardus according to the last two paragraphs?
[A] His music criticism may not appeal to readers today.
[B] His reputation as a music critic has long been in dispute.
[C] His style caters largely to modern specialists.
[D] His writings fail to follow the amateur tradition.
25.What would be the best title for the text?
[A] Newspapers of the Good Old Days
[B]The Lost Horizon in Newspapers
[C] Mournful Decline of Journalism
[D] Prominent Critics in Memory
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 2
Over the past decade, thousands of patents have been granted for what are called
business methods. Amazon.com received one for its “one-click” online payment
system. Merrill Lynch got legal protection for an asset allocation strategy. One
inventor patented a technique for lifting a box.
Now the nation’s top patent court appears completely ready to scale back on
business-method patents, which have been controversial ever since they were first
authorized 10 years ago. In a move that has intellectual-property lawyers abuzz, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said it would use a particular case to
conduct a broad review of business-method patents. In re Bilski, as the case is known,
is “a very big deal,” says Dennis D. Crouch of the University of Missouri School of
Law. It “has the potential to eliminate an entire class of patents.”
Curbs on business-method claims would be a dramatic about-face , because it
was the Federal Circuit itself that introduced such patents with its 1998 decision in
the so-called State Street Bank case, approving a patent on a way of pooling
mutual-fund assets. That ruling produced an explosion in business-method patent
filings, initially by emerging Internet companies trying to stake out exclusive rights to
specific types of online transactions. Later, more established companies raced to add
such patents to their files, if only as a defensive move against rivals that might beat
them to the punch. In 2005, IBM noted in a court filing that it had been issued more
than 300 business-method patents, despite the fact that it questioned the legal basis for
granting them. Similarly, some Wall Street investment firms armed themselves with
patents for financial products, even as they took positions in court cases opposing the
practice.
The Bilski case involves a claimed patent on a method for hedging risk in the
energy market. The Federal Circuit issued an unusual order stating that the case
would be heard by all 12 of the court’s judges, rather than a typical panel of three, and
that one issue it wants to evaluate is whether it should “reconsider” its State Street
Bank ruling.
The Federal Circuit’s action comes in the wake of a series of recent decisions by
the Supreme Court that has narrowed the scope of protections for patent holders. Last
April, for example, the justices signaled that too many patents were being upheld for
“inventions” that are obvious. The judges on the Federal Circuit are “reacting to the
anti-patent trend at the Supreme Court,” says Harold C. Wegner, a patent attorney and
professor at George Washington University Law School.
.
pastpapers.cn
26.Business-method patents have recently aroused concern because of
[A] their limited value to businesses.
[B] their connection with asset allocation.
[C] the possible restriction on their granting.
[D] the controversy over their authorization.
27.Which of the following is true of the Bilski case?
[A] Its ruling complies with the court decisions.
[B] It involves a very big business transaction.
[C] It has been dismissed by the Federal Circuit.
[D] It may change the legal practices in the U.S.
28.The word “about-face” (Line 1, Para. 3) most probably means
[A] loss of goodwill.
[B] increase of hostility.
[C] change of attitude.
[D] enhancement of dignity.
29.We learn from the last two paragraphs that business-method patents
[A] are immune to legal challenges.
[B] are often unnecessarily issued.
[C] lower the esteem for patent holders.
[D] increase the incidence of risks.
30.Which of the following would be the subject of the text?
[A]A looming threat to business-method patents.
[B] Protection for business-method patent holders.
[C]A legal case regarding business-method patents.
[D]A prevailing trend against business-method patents.
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 3
In his book The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell argues that “social epidemics”
are driven in large part by the actions of a tiny minority of special individuals, often
called influentials, who are unusually informed, persuasive, or well connected. The
idea is intuitively compelling, but it doesn’t explain how ideas actually spread.
The supposed importance of influentials derives from a plausible-sounding but
largely untested theory called the “two-step flow of communication”: Information
flows from the media to the influentials and from them to everyone else. Marketers
have embraced the two-step flow because it suggests that if they can just find and
influence the influentials, those select people will do most of the work for them. The
theory also seems to explain the sudden and unexpected popularity of certain looks,
brands, or neighborhoods. In many such cases, a cursory search for causes finds that
some small group of people was wearing, promoting, or developing whatever it is
before anyone else paid attention. Anecdotal evidence of this kind fits nicely with the
idea that only certain special people can drive trends.
In their recent work, however, some researchers have come up with the finding
that influentials have far less impact on social epidemics than is generally supposed.
In fact, they don’t seem to be required at all.
The researchers’ argument stems from a simple observation about social
influence: With the exception of a few celebrities like Oprah Winfrey – whose outsize
presence is primarily a function of media, not interpersonal, influence – even the most
influential members of a population simply don’t interact with that many others. Yet
it is precisely these non-celebrity influentials who, according to the two-step-flow
theory, are supposed to drive social epidemics, by influencing their friends and
colleagues directly. For a social epidemic to occur, however, each person so affected
must then influence his or her own acquaintances, who must in turn influence theirs,
and so on; and just how many others pay attention to each of these people has little to
do with the initial influential. If people in the network just two degrees removed from
the initial influential prove resistant, for example, the cascade of change won’t
propagate very far or affect many people.
Building on this basic truth about interpersonal influence, the researchers studied
the dynamics of social influence by conducting thousands of computer simulations of
populations, manipulating a number of variables relating to people’s ability to
influence others and their tendency to be influenced. They found that the principal
requirement for what is called “global cascades” – the widespread propagation of
influence through networks – is the presence not of a few influentials but, rather, of a
critical mass of easily influenced people.
.
pastpapers.cn
31.By citing the book The Tipping Point, the author intends to
[A] analyze the consequences of social epidemics.
[B] discuss influentials’ function in spreading ideas.
[C] exemplify people’s intuitive response to social epidemics.
[D] describe the essential characteristics of influentials.
32.The author suggests that the “two-step-flow theory”
[A] serves as a solution to marketing problems.
[B] has helped explain certain prevalent trends.
[C] has won support from influentials.
[D] requires solid evidence for its validity.
33.What the researchers have observed recently shows that
[A] the power of influence goes with social interactions.
[B] interpersonal links can be enhanced through the media.
[C] influentials have more channels to reach the public.
[D] most celebrities enjoy wide media attention.
34.The underlined phrase “these people” in Paragraph 4 refers to the ones who
[A] stay outside the network of social influence.
[B] have little contact with the source of influence.
[C] are influenced and then influence others.
[D] are influenced by the initial influential.
35.What is the essential element in the dynamics of social influence?
[A]The eagerness to be accepted.
[B]The impulse to influence others.
[C]The readiness to be influenced.
[D]The inclination to rely on others.
.
pastpapers.cn
Text 4
Bankers have been blaming themselves for their troubles in public. Behind the
scenes, they have been taking aim at someone else: the accounting standard-setters.
Their rules, moan the banks, have forced them to report enormous losses, and it’s just
not fair. These rules say they must value some assets at the price a third party would
pay, not the price managers and regulators would like them to fetch.
Unfortunately, banks’ lobbying now seems to be working. The details may be
unknowable, but the independence of standard-setters, essential to the proper
functioning of capital markets, is being compromised. And, unless banks carry toxic
assets at prices that attract buyers, reviving the banking system will be difficult.
After a bruising encounter with Congress, America’s Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) rushed through rule changes. These gave banks more freedom
to use models to value illiquid assets and more flexibility in recognizing losses on
long-term assets in their income statements. Bob Herz, the FASB’s chairman, cried
out against those who “question our motives.” Yet bank shares rose and the changes
enhance what one lobbying group politely calls “the use of judgment by management.”
European ministers instantly demanded that the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) do likewise. The IASB says it does not want to act without
overall planning, but the pressure to fold when it completes its reconstruction of rules
later this year is strong. Charlie McCreevy, a European commissioner, warned the
IASB that it did “not live in a political vacuum” but “in the real world” and that
Europe could yet develop different rules.
It was banks that were on the wrong planet, with accounts that vastly overvalued
assets. Today they argue that market prices overstate losses, because they largely reflect
the temporary illiquidity of markets, not the likely extent of bad debts. The truth will
not be known for years. But banks’ shares trade below their book value, suggesting
that investors are skeptical. And dead markets partly reflect the paralysis of banks
which will not sell assets for fear of booking losses, yet are reluctant to buy all those
supposed bargains.
To get the system working again, losses must be recognized and dealt with.
America’s new plan to buy up toxic assets will not work unless banks mark assets to
levels which buyers find attractive. Successful markets require independent and even
combative standard-setters. The FASB and IASB have been exactly that, cleaning up
rules on stock options and pensions, for example, against hostility from special
interests. But by giving in to critics now they are inviting pressure to make more
.
pastpapers.cn
concessions.
36.Bankers complained that they were forced to
[A] follow unfavorable asset evaluation rules.
[B] collect payments from third parties.
[C] cooperate with the price managers.
[D] reevaluate some of their assets.
37.According to the author, the rule changes of the FASB may result in
[A] the diminishing role of management.
[B] the revival of the banking system.
[C] the banks’ long-term asset losses.
[D] the weakening of its independence.
38.According to Paragraph 4, McCreevy objects to the IASB’s attempt to
[A] keep away from political influences.
[B] evade the pressure from their peers.
[C] act on their own in rule-setting.
[D] take gradual measures in reform.
39.The author thinks the banks were “on the wrong planet” in that they
[A] misinterpreted market price indicators.
[B] exaggerated the real value of their assets.
[C] neglected the likely existence of bad debts.
[D] denied booking losses in their sale of assets.
40.The author’s attitude towards standard-setters is one of
[A] satisfaction.
[B] skepticism.
[C] objectiveness.
[D] sympathy.
.
pastpapers.cn
Part B
Directions:
For questions 41-45, choose the most suitable paragraphs from the list A-G and fill
them into the numbered boxes to form a coherent text. Paragraph E has been
correctly placed. There is one paragraph which does not fit in with the text. Mark
your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)
[A] The first and more important is the consumer’s growing preference for eating out:
the consumption of food and drink in places other than homes has risen from
about 32 percent of total consumption in 1995 to 35 percent in 2000 and is
expected to approach 38 percent by 2005. This development is boosting wholesale
demand from the food service segment by 4 to 5 percent a year across Europe,
compared with growth in retail demand of 1 to 2 percent. Meanwhile, as the
recession is looming large, people are getting anxious. They tend to keep a tighter
hold on their purse and consider eating at home a realistic alternative.
[B] Retail sales of food and drink in Europe’s largest markets are at a standstill,
leaving European grocery retailers hungry for opportunities to grow. Most leading
retailers have already tried e-commerce, with limited success, and expansion
abroad. But almost all have ignored the big, profitable opportunity in their own
backyard: the wholesale food and drink trade, which appears to be just the kind of
market retailers need.
[C] Will such variations bring about a change in the overall structure of the food and
drink market? Definitely not. The functioning of the market is based on flexible
trends dominated by potential buyers. In other words, it is up to the buyer, rather
than the seller, to decide what to buy. At any rate, this change will ultimately be
acclaimed by an ever-growing number of both domestic and international
consumers, regardless of how long the current consumer pattern will take hold.
[D] All in all, this clearly seems to be a market in which big retailers could profitably
apply their gigantic scale, existing infrastructure, and proven skills in the
management of product ranges, logistics, and marketing intelligence. Retailers
that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe may well expect to rake in
substantial profits thereby. At least, that is how it looks as a whole. Closer
inspection reveals important differences among the biggest national markets,
.
pastpapers.cn
especially in their customer segments and wholesale structures, as well as the
competitive dynamics of individual food and drink categories. Big retailers must
understand these differences before they can identify the segments of European
wholesaling in which their particular abilities might unseat smaller but entrenched
competitors. New skills and unfamiliar business models are needed too.
[E] Despite variations in detail, wholesale markets in the countries that have been
closely examined – France, Germany, Italy and Spain – are made out of the same
building blocks. Demand comes mainly from two sources: independent
mom-and-pop grocery stores which, unlike large retail chains, are too small to
buy straight from producers, and food service operators that cater to consumers
when they don’t eat at home. Such food service operators range from snack
machines to large institutional catering ventures, but most of these businesses are
known in the trade as “horeca”：hotels, restaurants, and cafés. Overall, Europe’s
wholesale market for food and drink is growing at the same sluggish pace as the
retail market, but the figures, when added together, mask two opposing trends.
[F] For example, wholesale food and drink sales came to ＄ 268 billion in France,
Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom in 2000 – more than 40 percent
of retail sales. Moreover, average overall margins are higher in wholesale than in
retail; wholesale demand from the food service sector is growing quickly as more
Europeans eat out more often; and changes in the competitive dynamics of this
fragmented industry are at last making it feasible for wholesalers to consolidate.
[G] However, none of these requirements should deter large retailers (and even some
large food producers and existing wholesalers) from trying their hand, for those
that master the intricacies of wholesaling in Europe stand to reap considerable
gains.
→ → → → →
41. 42. 43. 44. E 45.
.
pastpapers.cn
Part C
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)
One basic weakness in a conservation system based wholly on economic
motives is that most members of the land community have no economic value. Yet
these creatures are members of the biotic community and, if its stability depends on
its integrity, they are entitled to continuance.
When one of these noneconomic categories is threatened and, if we happen to
love it, we invent excuses to give it economic importance. At the beginning of the
century songbirds were supposed to be disappearing. (46) Scientists jumped to the
rescue with some distinctly shaky evidence to the effect that insects would eat us up if
birds failed to control them. The evidence had to be economic in order to be valid.
It is painful to read these roundabout accounts today. We have no land ethic yet,
(47) but we have at least drawn nearer the point of admitting that birds should
continue as a matter of intrinsic right, regardless of the presence or absence of
economic advantage to us .
A parallel situation exists in respect of predatory mammals and fish-eating birds.
(48) Time was when biologists somewhat overworked the evidence that these
creatures preserve the health of game by killing the physically weak, or that they prey
only on “worthless” species. Here again, the evidence had to be economic in order to
be valid. It is only in recent years that we hear the more honest argument that
predators are members of the community, and that no special interest has the right to
exterminate them for the sake of benefit, real or fancied, to itself.
Some species of trees have been “read out of the party” by economics-minded
foresters because they grow too slowly, or have too low a sale value to pay as timber
crops. (49) In Europe, where forestry is ecologically more advanced, the
noncommercial tree species are recognized as members of the native forest community ,
to be preserved as such, within reason. Moreover, some have been found to have a
valuable function in building up soil fertility. The interdependence of the forest and its
constituent tree species, ground flora, and fauna is taken for granted.
To sum up: a system of conservation based solely on economic self-interest is
hopelessly lopsided. (50) It tends to ignore, and thus eventually to eliminate, many
elements in the land community that lack commercial value, but that are essential to
its healthy functioning. It assumes, falsely, that the economic parts of the biotic clock
will function without the uneconomic parts.
.
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
Part A
51.Directions:
You are supposed to write for the Postgraduates’ Association a notice to recruit
volunteers for an international conference on globalization. The notice should include
the basic qualifications for applicants and the other information which you think is
relevant.
You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the notice. Use “Postgraduates’
Association” instead. (10 points)
Part B
52.Directions:
Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following drawing. In your essay,
you should
1) describe the drawing briefly,
2) explain its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.
You should write neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)
.
pastpapers.cn
2010年英语一真题答案
Section Ⅰ Use of English
1.A 2.B 3.C 4.B 5.C 6.B 7.D 8.A 9.C 10.D
11.C 12.A 13.A 14.D 15.B 16.A 17.D 18.C 19.B 20.D
SectionⅡ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Text 1 21~25 B A D A B Text 2 26~30 C D C B A
Text 3 31~35 B D A C C Text 4 36~40 A D C B D
Part B
41.B 42.F 43.D 44.G 45.A
Part C
46. 科学家们急忙赶来挽救，但提出的证据显然站不住脚，其大意是，如果鸟
类不能控制昆虫的数量，昆虫便会吞噬我们人类。
47. 但是我们至少近乎承认，无论鸟类能否带给我们经济价值，它们自有生存
下去的权利。
48. 有证据表明：这些生物杀死体弱者来保持种群的健康，或者说它们仅仅捕
食“没有价值”的物种。曾经有段时间，生物学家或多或少滥用了这一证据。
49. 在林业生态更为发达的欧洲，没有商业价值的树种被合理地看成是当地森
林群落的成员，并得到相应的保护。
50. 这种保护系统往往忽视陆地群落中诸多缺乏商业价值但对其健康运行至关
重要的物种，而最终导致它们的灭绝。
Section III Writing
51、52 略
.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2010年 英语二 (来源: 2010-2.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2010 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语（二）
（科目代码：204）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
· 1
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark
A,B,CorDonANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
The outbreak of swine flu that was first detected in Mexico was declared a
global epidemic on June 11, 2009. It is the first worldwide epidemic 1 by the
WorldHealthOrganizationin41years.
The heightened alert 2 an emergency meeting with flu experts in Geneva
that assembled after a sharp rise in cases in Australia, and rising 3 in Britain,
Japan,Chileand elsewhere.
But the epidemic is “ 4 ” in severity, according to Margaret Chan, the
organization’s director general, 5 the overwhelming majority of patients
experiencing only mild symptoms and a full recovery, often in the 6 of any
medicaltreatment.
The outbreakcame to global 7 in late April 2009,when Mexican authorities
noted an unusually large number of hospitalizations and deaths 8 healthy adults.
As much of Mexico City shut down at the height of a panic, cases began to 9 in
NewYorkCity,thesouthwesternUnitedStatesandaroundtheworld.
In the United States, new cases seemed to fade 10 warmer weather
arrived. But in late September 2009, officials reported there was 11 flu
activity in almost every state and that virtually all the 12 tested are the new
swine flu, also known as (A) H1N1, not seasonal flu. In the U.S., it has 13 more
than one million people, and caused more than 600 deaths and more than 6,000
hospitalizations.
Federal health officials 14 Tamiflufor childrenfrom thenationalstockpile
and began 15 orders from the states for the new swine flu vaccine. The new
vaccine, which is different from the annual flu vaccine, is 16 ahead of
expectations. More than three million doses were to be made available in early
October 2009, though most of those 17 doses were of the FluMist nasal spray
type, which is not 18 for pregnant women, people over 50 or those with
breathing difficulties, heart disease or several other 19 . But it was still
possible to vaccinate people in other high-risk groups: health care workers,
people 20 infantsandhealthyyoung people.
· 2
pastpapers.cn
1.[A]criticized [B]appointed [C]commented [D]designated
2.[A]proceeded [B]activated [C]followed [D]prompted
3.[A]digits [B]numbers [C]amounts [D]sums
4.[A]moderate [B]normal [C]unusual [D]extreme
5.[A]with [B]in [C]from [D]by
6.[A]progress [B]absence [C]presence [D]favor
7.[A]reality [B]phenomenon [C]concept [D]notice
8.[A]over [B]for [C]among [D]to
9.[A]stayup [B]cropup [C]fillup [D]coverup
10.[A]as [B]if [C]unless [D]until
11.[A]excessive [B]enormous [C]significant [D]magnificent
12.[A]categories [B]examples [C]patterns [D]samples
13.[A]imparted [B]immersed [C]injected [D]infected
14.[A]released [B]relayed [C]relieved [D]remained
15.[A]placing [B]delivering [C]taking [D]giving
16.[A]feasible [B]available [C]reliable [D]applicable
17.[A]prevalent [B]principal [C]innovative [D]initial
18.[A]presented [B]restricted [C]recommended [D]introduced
19.[A]problems [B]issues [C]agonies [D]sufferings
20.[A]involved in [B]caringfor [C]concernedwith [D]wardingoff
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsbeloweachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersonANSWER SHEET1.(40points)
· 3
pastpapers.cn
Text1
The longest bull run in a century of art-market history ended on a dramatic note
with a sale of 56 works by Damien Hirst, Beautiful Inside My Head Forever, at
Sotheby’sin London on September 15th 2008. All but two pieces sold, fetching more
than £70m, a record for a sale by a single artist. It was a last victory. As the
auctioneer called out bids, in New York one of the oldest banks on Wall Street,
LehmanBrothers,filedforbankruptcy.
The world art market had already been losing momentum for a while after rising
bewilderingly since 2003. At its peak in 2007 it was worth some $65 billion, reckons
Clare McAndrew, founder of Arts Economics, a research firm – doublethe figure five
years earlier. Since then it may have come down to $50 billion. But the market
generates interest far beyond its size because it brings together great wealth,
enormous egos, greed, passion and controversy in a way matched by few other
industries.
In the weeks and months that followed Mr. Hirst’s sale, spending of any sort
became deeply unfashionable. In the art world that meant collectors stayed away from
galleries and salerooms. Sales of contemporary art fell by two-thirds, and in the most
overheated sector, they were down by nearly 90% in the year to November 2008.
Within weeks the world’s two biggest auction houses, Sotheby’s and Christie’s, had
to pay out nearly $200m in guarantees to clients who had placed works for sale with
them.
The current downturn in the art market is the worst since the Japanese stopped
buying Impressionists at the end of 1989. This time experts reckon that prices are
about40% down on their peak on average, though some have been far morefluctuant.
But Edward Dolman, Christie’s chief executive, says: “I’m pretty confident we’re at
thebottom.”
What makes this slump different from the last, he says, is that there are still
buyers in the market. Almost everyone who was interviewed for this special report
said that the biggest problem at the moment is not a lack of demand but a lack of
good work to sell. The three Ds – death, debt and divorce – still deliver works of art
to the market. But anyone who does not have to sell is keeping away, waiting for
confidencetoreturn.
· 4
pastpapers.cn
21. Inthefirst paragraph,DamienHirst’ssalewasreferredtoas“alastvictory”
because .
[A] theartmarkethadwitnessedasuccessionofvictories
[B] theauctioneerfinallygotthetwopiecesatthehighestbids
[C] BeautifulInsideMyHeadForeverwonover allmasterpieces
[D] itwassuccessfullymadejustbeforetheworldfinancialcrisis
22. Bysaying“spendingofanysortbecamedeeplyunfashionable”(Line1-2,Para.3),
theauthorsuggeststhat .
[A] collectorswerenolongeractivelyinvolvedinart-marketauctions
[B] peoplestoppedeverykindofspendingandstayedawayfromgalleries
[C] artcollectionasafashionhadlostitsappealtoagreatextent
[D] worksofartingeneralhadgoneoutoffashionsotheywerenotworthbuying
23. WhichofthefollowingstatementsisNOTtrue?
[A] Salesofcontemporaryartfelldramaticallyfrom 2007to2008.
[B]Theartmarketsurpassedmanyotherindustriesinmomentum.
[C]Theartmarketgenerallywentdownwardinvariousways.
[D] Someartdealerswereawaitingbetterchancestocome.
24. ThethreeDsmentionedinthelastparagraphare .
[A] auctionhouses’favorites
[B] contemporarytrends
[C] factorspromotingartworkcirculation
[D] stylesrepresentingImpressionists
25. Themostappropriatetitlefor thistextcouldbe .
[A] FluctuationofArtPrices
[B] Up-to-dateArtAuctions
[C]ArtMarketinDecline
[D] ShiftedInterestinArts
· 5
pastpapers.cn
Text2
I was addressing a small gathering in a suburban Virginia living room – a
women’s group that had invited men to join them. Throughout the evening, one man
had been particularly talkative, frequently offering ideas and anecdotes, while his
wife sat silently beside him on the couch. Toward the end of the evening, I
commented that women frequently complain that their husbands don’t talk to them.
This man quickly nodded in agreement. He gestured toward his wife and said, “She’s
the talker in our family.” The room burst into laughter; the man looked puzzled and
hurt. “It’s true,” he explained. “When I come home from work I have nothing to say.
Ifshedidn’tkeeptheconversationgoing, we’dspendthewholeeveninginsilence.”
This episode crystallizes the irony that although American men tend to talk more
than women in public situations, they often talk less at home. And this pattern is
wreakinghavocwithmarriage.
The pattern was observed by political scientist Andrew Hacker in the late 1970s.
Sociologist Catherine Kohler Riessman reports in her new book Divorce Talk that
most of the women she interviewed – but only a few of the men – gave lack of
communication as the reason for their divorces. Given the current divorce rate of
nearly 50 percent,that amountsto millions of cases in the United States every year –
avirtualepidemicoffailedconversation.
In my own research, complaints from women about their husbands most often
focused not on tangible inequities such as having given up the chance for a career to
accompany a husband to his, or doing far more than their share of daily life-support
work like cleaning, cooking and social arrangements. Instead, they focused on
communication: “He doesn’t listen to me.” “He doesn’t talk to me.” I found, as
Hacker observed years before, that most wives want their husbands to be, first and
foremost, conversational partners, but few husbands share this expectation of their
wives.
In short, the image that best represents the current crisis is the stereotypical
cartoon scene of a man sitting at the breakfast table with a newspaper held up in front
ofhisface,whileawomanglaresatthebackofit,wantingtotalk.
· 6
pastpapers.cn
26. Whatismostwives’mainexpectationoftheirhusbands?
[A]Talkingtothem.
[B]Trustingthem.
[C] Supportingtheircareers.
[D] Sharinghousework.
27. Judgingfromthecontext,thephrase“wreakinghavoc”(Line3,Para.2)most
probablymeans .
[A] generatingmotivation
[B] exertinginfluence
[C] causingdamage
[D] creatingpressure
28. AllofthefollowingaretrueEXCEPT .
[A] mentendtotalkmoreinpublicthanwomen
[B] nearly50percentof recentdivorcesarecausedbyfailedconversation
[C] womenattachmuchimportancetocommunicationbetweencouples
[D] afemaletendstobemoretalkativeathomethanherspouse
29. Whichofthefollowingcanbestsummarizethemainideaofthistext?
[A]Themoraldecayingdeservesmoreresearchbysociologists.
[B] Marriagebreak-upstemsfrom sexinequalities.
[C] Husbandandwife havedifferentexpectationsfrom theirmarriage.
[D] Conversationalpatternsbetweenmanandwifearedifferent.
30. Inthefollowingpartimmediatelyafterthistext,theauthorwillmostprobably
focuson .
[A] avividaccountofthenewbookDivorceTalk
[B] adetaileddescriptionofthestereotypicalcartoon
[C] otherpossiblereasonsfor ahighdivorcerateintheU.S.
[D] abriefintroductiontothepoliticalscientistAndrewHacker
· 7
pastpapers.cn
Text3
Over the past decade, many companies had perfected the art of creating
automatic behaviors – habits – among consumers. These habits have helped
companiesearn billionsof dollars when customerseat snacksor wipe countersalmost
withoutthinking, ofteninresponsetoacarefullydesignedsetofdailycues.
“There are fundamental public health problems, like dirty hands instead of a
soap habit, that remain killers only because we can’t figure out how to change
people’s habits,” said Dr. Curtis, the director of the Hygiene Center at the London
School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. “We wanted to learn from private industry
howtocreatenewbehaviorsthathappenautomatically.”
ThecompaniesthatDr.Curtisturnedto–Procter&Gamble,Colgate-Palmolive
and Unilever – had invested hundreds of millions of dollars finding the subtle cues in
consumers’livesthatcorporationscouldusetointroducenewroutines.
Ifyoulookhardenough,you’llfindthatmanyoftheproductsweuseeveryday
– chewing gums, skin moisturizers, disinfecting wipes, air fresheners, water purifiers,
health snacks, teeth whiteners, fabric softeners, vitamins – are results of manufactured
habits. A century ago, few people regularly brushed their teeth multiple times a day.
Today, because of shrewd advertising and public health campaigns, many Americans
habitually give their pearly whites a cavity-preventing scrub twice a day, often with
Colgate,Crestoroneoftheotherbrands.
A few decades ago, many people didn’t drink water outside of a meal. Then
beverage companies started bottling the production of far-off springs, and now office
workers unthinkingly sip bottled water all day long. Chewing gum, once bought
primarily by adolescent boys, is now featured in commercials as a breath freshener
and teeth cleanser for use after a meal. Skin moisturizers are advertised as part of
morningbeautyrituals,slippedinbetweenhairbrushingandputtingonmakeup.
“Our products succeed when they become part of daily or weekly patterns,” said
Carol Berning, a consumer psychologist who recently retired from Procter & Gamble,
the company that sold $76 billion of Tide, Crest and other products last year.
“Creating positive habits is a huge part of improving our consumers’ lives, and it’s
essentialtomakingnewproductscommerciallyviable.”
Through experiments and observation, social scientists like Dr. Berning have
learned that there is power in tying certain behaviors to habitual cues through ruthless
advertising. As this new science of habit has emerged, controversies have erupted
whenthetacticshavebeenusedtosellquestionablebeautycreamsorunhealthyfoods.
8
pastpapers.cn
31. AccordingtoDr.Curtis,habitslikehandwashingwithsoap .
[A] shouldbefurthercultivated
[B] shouldbechangedgradually
[C] aredeeplyrootedinhistory
[D] arebasicallyprivateconcerns
32. Bottledwater,chewinggumandskinmoisturizersarementionedinParagraph5
soasto .
[A] revealtheirimpactonpeople’shabits
[B] showtheurgentneedofdailynecessities
[C] indicatetheireffectonpeople’sbuyingpower
[D] manifestthesignificantroleofgoodhabits
33. WhichofthefollowingdoesNOTbelongtoproductsthathelpcreatepeople’s
habits?
[A]Tide.
[B] Crest.
[C] Colgate.
[D] Unilever.
34. Fromthetextweknowthatsomeofconsumers’habitsaredevelopeddueto .
[A] perfectedartofproducts
[B] automaticbehaviorcreation
[C] commercialpromotions
[D] scientificexperiments
35. Theauthor’sattitudetowardtheinfluenceofadvertisementonpeople’shabitsis
.
[A] indifferent
[B] negative
[C] positive
[D] biased
9
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Many Americans regard the jury system as a concrete expression of crucial
democratic values, including the principles that all citizens who meet minimal
qualifications of age and literacy are equally competent to serve on juries; that jurors
should be selected randomly from a representative cross section of the community;
that no citizen should be denied the right to serve on a jury on account of race,
religion, sex, or national origin; that defendants are entitled to trial by their peers; and
that verdicts should represent the conscience of the community and not just the letter
of the law.The jury is also said to be the best surviving example of direct rather than
representative democracy. In a direct democracy, citizens take turns governing
themselves,ratherthanelectingrepresentativestogovernforthem.
But as recently as in 1968, jury selection procedures conflicted with these
democratic ideals. In some states, for example, jury duty was limited to persons of
supposedly superior intelligence, education, and moral character. Although the
Supreme Court of the United States had prohibited intentional racial discrimination in
jury selection as early as the 1880 case of Strauder v. West Virginia, the practice of
selecting so-called elite or blue-ribbon juries provided a convenient way around this
andotherantidiscriminationlaws.
The system also failed to regularly include women on juries until the mid-20th
century. Although women first served on state juries in Utah in 1898, it was not until
the 1940s that a majority of states made women eligible for jury duty. Even then
several states automatically exempted women from jury duty unless they personally
asked to have their names included on the jury list. This practice was justified by the
claim that women were needed at home, and it kept juries unrepresentative of women
throughthe1960s.
In 1968, the Congress of the United States passed the Jury Selection and Service
Act, ushering in a new era of democratic reforms for the jury. This law abolished
special educational requirements for federal jurors and required them to be selected at
random from a cross section of the entire community. In the landmark 1975 decision
Taylor v. Louisiana, the Supreme Court extended the requirement that juries be
representative of all parts of the community to the state level. The Taylor decision
also declared sex discrimination in jury selection to be unconstitutional and ordered
statestousethesameproceduresforselectingmaleandfemalejurors.
10
pastpapers.cn
36. FromtheprinciplesoftheUSjurysystem,welearnthat .
[A] bothliterateandilliteratepeoplecanserveonjuries
[B] defendantsareimmunefromtrialbytheirpeers
[C] noagelimitshouldbeimposedfor juryservice
[D] judgmentshouldconsidertheopinionofthepublic
37. Thepracticeofselectingso-calledelitejurorspriorto1968showed .
[A] theinadequacyofantidiscriminationlaws
[B] theprevalentdiscriminationagainstcertainraces
[C] theconflictingidealsinjuryselectionprocedures
[D] thearrogancecommonamongtheSupremeCourtjudges
38. Eveninthe1960s,womenwereseldomonthejurylistinsomestatesbecause
.
[A] theywereautomaticallybannedbystatelaws
[B] theyfellfar shortoftherequiredqualifications
[C] theyweresupposedtoperformdomesticduties
[D] theytendedtoevadepublicengagement
39. AftertheJurySelectionandServiceActwaspassed, .
[A] sexdiscriminationinjuryselectionwasunconstitutionalandhadtobeabolished
[B] educationalrequirementsbecamelessrigidintheselectionoffederaljurors
[C] jurorsatthestateleveloughttoberepresentative oftheentirecommunity
[D] statesoughttoconformtothefederalcourtinreformingthejurysystem
40. IndiscussingtheUSjurysystem,thetextcenterson .
[A] itsnatureandproblems
[B] itscharacteristicsandtradition
[C] itsproblemsandtheirsolutions
[D] itstraditionanddevelopment
11
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text and decide whether each of the statements is true or false.
Choose T if the statement is true or F if the statement is not true. Mark your answers
onANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
CopyingBirdsMaySaveAircraftFuel
Both Boeing and Airbus have trumpeted the efficiency of their newest aircraft,
the 787 and A350 respectively. Their clever designs and lightweight composites
certainly make a difference. But a group of researchers at Stanford University, led by
Ilan Kroo, has suggested that airlines could take a more naturalistic approach to
cuttingjet-fueluseanditwouldnotrequirethemtobuynewaircraft.
The answer, says Dr. Kroo, lies with birds. Since 1914, scientists have known
that birds flyingin formation – a V-shape– expendless energy.The air flowingover a
bird’s wings curls upwards behind the wingtips, a phenomenon known as upwash.
Other birds flying in the upwash experience reduced drag, and spend less energy
propelling themselves. Peter Lissaman, an aeronautics expert who was formerly at
Caltech and the University of Southern California, has suggested that a formation of
25birdsmightenjoyarangeincreaseof71%.
When applied to aircraft, the principles are not substantially different. Dr. Kroo
and his team modeled what would happen if three passenger jets departing from Los
Angeles, San Francisco and Las Vegas were to assemble over Utah, assume an
inverted V-formation, occasionally change places so all could have a turn in the most
favourable positions, and proceed to London. They found that the aircraft consumed
as much as 15% less fuel (coupled with a reduction in carbon-dioxide output).
Nitrogen-oxide emissions during the cruising portions of the flight fell by around a
quarter.
There are, of course, knots to be worked out. One consideration is safety, or at
least the perception of it. Wouldpassengers feel comfortable travelling in companion?
Dr.Kroo points out that the aircraft could be separated by several nautical miles, and
wouldnot beintheintimategroupingsfavoured bydisplayteamsliketheRedArrows.
A passenger peering out of the window might not even see the other planes. Whether
the separation distances involved would satisfy air-traffic-control regulations is
another matter, although a working group at the International Civil Aviation
Organisation has included the possibility of formation flying in a blueprint for new
operationalguidelines.
12
pastpapers.cn
It remains to be seen how weather conditions affect the air flows that make
formation flight more efficient. In zones of increased turbulence, the planes’ wakes
will decay more quickly and the effect will diminish. Dr. Kroo says this is one of the
areas his team will investigate further. It might also be hard for airlines to co-ordinate
the departure times and destinations of passenger aircraft in a way that would allow
them to gain from formation flight. Cargo aircraft, in contrast, might be easier to
reschedule,asmightroutinemilitaryflights.
As it happens, America’s armed forces are on the case already. Earlier this year
the country’s Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency announced plans to pay
Boeing to investigate formation flight, though the programme has yet to begin. There
are reports that some military aircraft flew in formation when they were low on fuel
during the Second World War, but Dr. Lissaman says they are unsubstantiated. “My
father was an RAF pilot and my cousin the skipper of a Lancaster lost over Berlin,”
headds.Soheshouldknow.
41. FindingsoftheStanfordUniversityresearcherswillpromotethesalesofnew
BoeingandAirbusaircraft.
42. Theupwashexperiencemaysavepropellingenergyaswellasreducingresistance.
43. Formationflightismorecomfortablebecausepassengerscannotseetheother
planes.
44. Therolethatweatherplays informationflighthasnotyetbeenclearlydefined.
45. IthasbeendocumentedthatduringWorldWarⅡ,America’sarmedforcesonce
triedformationflight tosavefuel.
13
pastpapers.cn
Section III Translation
46. Directions:
Inthissectionthereis atextin English.TranslateitintoChinese.Writeyourtranslation
onANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
“Sustainability” has become a popular word these days, but to TedNing, the
concept will always have personal meaning. Having endured a painful period of
unsustainabilityin his own lifemadeit clearto him thatsustainability-orientedvalues
mustbeexpressedthrougheverydayactionandchoice.
Ning recallsspendinga confusingyear in the late 1990s sellinginsurance.He’d
been through the dot-com boom and burst and, desperate for a job, signed on with a
Boulderagency.
It didn’tgo well.“It wasa reallybad movebecausethat’snot my passion,”says
Ning,whosedilemmaaboutthejobtranslated,predictably,intoalackofsales.“Iwas
miserable.I hadso muchanxietythatI wouldwakeup in the middleof the nightand
stare at the ceiling. I had no money and needed the job. Everyone said, ‘Just wait,
you’llturnthecorner,giveitsometime.’”
Section IV Writing
PartA
47. Directions:
YouhavejustcomebackfromtheU.S. asamemberofaSino-Americancultural
exchangeprogram.Writealettertoyour Americancolleagueto
1) expressyour thanksfor his/herwarmreception;
2) welcomehim/hertovisitChinainduecourse.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsonANSWER SHEET2.
Donotsignyour ownnameattheendoftheletter.Use“ZhangWei”instead.
Donotwriteyour address.(10points)
14
pastpapers.cn
PartB
48. Directions:
Inthissection,you areaskedtowriteanessaybasedonthefollowingchart.In
yourwriting, youshould
1)interpretthechartand
2) giveyourcomments.
Youshouldwriteatleast150words.
WriteyouressayonANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
15
pastpapers.cn
2010年英语二参考真题答案
SectionⅠUseof English
1.D 2.C 3.B 4.A 5.A 6.B 7.D 8.C 9.B 10.A
11.C 12.D 13.D 14.A 15.C 16.B 17.D 18.C 19.A 20.B
SectionⅡReadingComprehension
PartA
Text1 21~25 DAB CC Text2 26~30 AC B DB
Text3 31~35 AADC B Text4 36~40 DAC B D
PartB
41.F 42.T 43.F 44.T 45.F
PartC
46. 最近，“承受力”成了一个流行词汇，但对泰德·宁来说，他对这个词的涵义
有自己的切身体会。在经历了一段难以承受的痛苦生活后，他清楚地认识到，
以承受力为导向的价值观必须透过日常行动和抉择才能得以体现。
宁回忆起20世纪90年代后期他卖保险时那困窘的一年。在经历了互联网泡
沫的繁荣与破灭后，他急需找到一份工作，因此与一家博尔德代理公司签了约。
但情况并不顺利。“那真是糟糕的一步，因为它根本激不起我的工作热
情，”宁说。不出所料，工作上的进退维谷造成他销售业绩不佳。“我很痛苦，
异常焦虑，以至于经常半夜醒来盯着天花板发呆。我没有钱，需要这份工作。
大家都说，‘等等看，情况会有好转的，给它点时间。”
SectionIII Writing
47、48见解析
16
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2009年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2009.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2009 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Readthefollowing text.Choosethebestword(s) for eachnumbered blank and
markA,B,CorDonANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
Research on animal intelligence always makes us wonder just how smart
humans are. 1 the fruit-fly experiments described by Carl Zimmer in the
Science Times. Fruit flies who were taught to be smarter than the average fruit
fly 2 to live shorter lives. This suggests that 3 bulbs burn longer, that
thereisa(n)4innotbeingtoobright.
Intelligence, it 5 , is a high-priced option. It takes more upkeep, burns more
fuel and is slow 6 the starting line because itdepends on learning –a(n)
7 process–insteadofinstinct.Plentyofotherspeciesareabletolearn,andone
ofthethingsthey’ve apparentlylearnediswhento 8 .
Is there an adaptive value to 9 intelligence? That’s the question behind this
new research. Instead of casting a wistful glance 10 at all the species we’ve left
in the dust I.Q.-wise, it implicitly asks what the real 11 of our own intelligence
mightbe.Thisis12themindofeveryanimalwe’ve evermet.
Research on animal intelligence also makes us wonder what experiments animals
would 13 on humans if they had the chance. Every cat with an owner, 14 ,
is running a small-scale study in operant conditioning. Webelieve that 15 animals
ran the labs, they would test us to 16 the limits of our patience, our faithfulness,
our memory for locations. They would try to decide what intelligence in humans is
really 17 , not merely how much of it there is. 18 , they would hope to
studya(n) 19 question: Are humans actually aware of the world they live in?
20theresultsareinconclusive.
1.[A]Suppose [B]Consider [C]Observe [D]Imagine
2.[A]tended [B]feared [C]happened [D]threatened
3.[A]thinner [B]stabler [C]lighter [D]dimmer
4.[A]tendency [B]advantage [C]inclination [D]priority
英语试题 .1. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
5.[A]insistson [B]sumsup [C]turnsout [D]putsforward
6.[A]off [B]behind [C]over [D]along
7.[A]incredible [B]spontaneous [C]inevitable [D]gradual
8.[A]fight [B]doubt [C]stop [D]think
9.[A]invisible [B]limited [C]indefinite [D]different
10.[A]upward [B]forward [C]afterward [D]backward
11.[A]features [B]influences [C]results [D]costs
12.[A]outside [B]on [C]by [D]across
13.[A]deliver [B]carry [C]perform [D]apply
14.[A]bychance [B]incontrast [C]asusual [D]for instance
15.[A]if [B]unless [C]as [D]lest
16.[A]moderate [B]overcome [C]determine [D]reach
17.[A]at [B]for [C]after [D]with
18.[A]Above all [B]Afterall [C]However [D]Otherwise
19.[A]fundamental [B]comprehensive [C]equivalent [D]hostile
20.[A]Byaccident [B]In time [C]Sofar [D]Betterstill
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowing four texts.Answerthequestions beloweachtextbychoosing
A,B,CorD.MarkyouranswersonANSWERSHEET1.(40points)
英语试题 .2. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Habits are a funny thing. We reach for them mindlessly, setting our brains on
auto-pilot and relaxing into the unconscious comfort of familiar routine. “Not choice,
but habit rules the unreflecting herd,” William Wordsworth said in the19thcentury. In
theever-changing21stcentury, eventheword“habit”carriesanegativeimplication.
So it seems paradoxical to talk about habits in the same context as creativity and
innovation. But brain researchers have discovered that when we consciously develop
new habits, we create parallel paths, and even entirely new brain cells, that can jump
ourtrainsofthoughtontonew,innovativetracks.
Rather than dismissing ourselves as unchangeable creatures of habit, we can
instead direct our own change by consciously developing new habits. In fact, the
more new things we try – the more we step outside our comfort zone – the more
inherentlycreativewebecome,bothintheworkplaceandinourpersonallives.
But don’t bother trying to kill off old habits; once those ruts of procedure are
worn into the brain, they’re there to stay.Instead, the new habits we deliberately press
intoourselvescreateparallelpathwaysthatcanbypassthoseoldroads.
“The first thing needed for innovation is a fascination with wonder,” says Dawna
Markova, author of The Open Mind. “But we are taught instead to ‘decide’ , just as
our president calls himself ‘the Decider’. ” She adds, however, that “to decide is to
kill off all possibilities but one. A good innovational thinker is always exploring the
manyotherpossibilities.”
All of us work through problems in ways of which we’re unaware, she says.
Researchers in the late 1960s discovered that humans are born with the capacity to
approach challenges in four primary ways: analytically, procedurally, relationally (or
collaboratively) and innovatively. At the end of adolescence, however, the brain shuts
down half of that capacity, preserving only those modes of thought that have seemed
mostvaluableduringthefirst decadeorsooflife.
The current emphasis on standardized testing highlights analysis and procedure,
meaning that few of us inherently use our innovative and collaborative modes of
thought. “This breaks the major rule in the American belief system – that anyone can
doanything,”explainsM.J.Ryan,author ofthe2006 bookThisYearI Will...andMs.
Markova’s business partner. “That’s a lie that we have perpetuated, and it fosters
commonness. Knowing what you’re good at and doing even more of it creates
excellence.”Thisiswheredevelopingnewhabitscomesin.
英语试题 .3. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
21.In Wordsworth’sview,“habits”ischaracterizedbybeing
[A]casual.
[B]familiar.
[C]mechanical.
[D]changeable.
22.Brainresearchershavediscoveredthattheformationofnewhabitscanbe
[A]predicted.
[B]regulated.
[C]traced.
[D]guided.
23.Theword“ruts”(Para.4)isclosestinmeaningto
[A]tracks.
[B]series.
[C]characteristics.
[D]connections.
24.DawnaMarkovawouldmostprobablyagreethat
[A]ideasarebornofarelaxingmind.
[B]innovativenesscouldbetaught.
[C]decisivenessderivesfrom fantasticideas.
[D]curiosityactivatescreativeminds.
25.Ryan’scommentssuggestthatthepracticeofstandardizedtesting
[A]preventsnewhabitsfrombeingformed.
[B]nolongeremphasizescommonness.
[C]maintainstheinherentAmericanthinkingmode.
[D]complieswiththeAmericanbeliefsystem.
英语试题 .4. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text2
It is a wise father that knows his own child, but today a man can boost his
paternal (fatherly) wisdom –or at least confirm that he’sthe kid’sdad. All he needs to
doisshellout$30for apaternitytestingkit(PTK)athislocaldrugstore–and another
$120toget theresults.
More than 60, 000 people have purchased the PTKs since they first became
available without prescriptions last year, according to Doug Fogg, chief operating
officer of Identigene, which makes the over-the-counter kits. More than two dozen
companies sell DNA tests directly to the public, ranging in price from a few hundred
dollarstomorethan$2,500.
Among the most popular: paternity and kinship testing, which adopted children
can use to find their biological relatives and families can use to track down kids put
up for adoption. DNA testing is also the latest rage among passionate genealogists –
andsupportsbusinessesthatoffertosearchfor afamily’sgeographicroots.
Most tests require collecting cells by swabbing saliva in the mouth and sending it
to the company for testing. All tests require a potential candidate with whom to
compareDNA.
But some observers are skeptical. “There’s a kind of false precision being
hawked by people claiming they are doing ancestry testing,” says TroyDuster, a New
York University sociologist. He notes that each individual has many ancestors –
numbering in the hundreds just a few centuries back. Yet most ancestry testing only
considers a single lineage, either the Y chromosome inherited through men in a
father’s line or mitochondrial DNA, which is passed down only from mothers. This
DNA can reveal genetic information about only one or two ancestors, even though,
for example, just three generations back people also have six other great-grandparents
or,four generationsback, 14othergreat-great-grandparents.
Critics also argue that commercial genetic testing is only as good as the reference
collections to which a sample is compared. Databases used by some companies don’t
rely on data collected systematically but rather lump together information from
different research projects. This means that a DNA database may have a lot of data
from some regions and not others, so a person’s test results may differ depending on
the company that processes the results. In addition, the computer programs a
company uses to estimate relationships may be patented and not subject to peer
revieworoutsideevaluation.
英语试题 .5. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
26.In Paragraphs1and2,thetextshowsPTK’s
[A]easyavailability.
[B]flexibilityinpricing.
[C]successfulpromotion.
[D]popularitywithhouseholds.
27.PTKisusedto
[A]locateone’sbirthplace.
[B]promotegeneticresearch.
[C]identifyparent-childkinship.
[D]choosechildrenforadoption.
28.Skepticalobserversbelievethatancestrytestingfailsto
[A]tracedistantancestors.
[B]rebuildreliablebloodlines.
[C]fullyusegeneticinformation.
[D]achievetheclaimedaccuracy.
29.In thelastparagraph,aproblemcommercialgenetictestingfacesis
[A]disorganizeddatacollection.
[B]overlappingdatabasebuilding.
[C]excessivesamplecomparison.
[D]lackofpatentevaluation.
30.Anappropriatetitlefor thetextismostlikelytobe
[A]ForsandAgainstsofDNATesting.
[B]DNATestingandItsProblems.
[C]DNATestingOutsidetheLab.
[D]LiesBehindDNATesting.
英语试题 .6. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text3
The relationship between formal education and economic growth in poor
countries is widely misunderstood by economists and politicians alike. Progress in
both areas is undoubtedly necessary for the social, political, and intellectual
development of these and all other societies; however, the conventional view that
education should be one of the very highest priorities for promoting rapid economic
development in poor countries is wrong. Weare fortunate that it is, because building
new educational systems there and putting enough people through them to improve
economic performance would require two or three generations. The findings of a
research institution have consistently shown that workers in all countries can be
trained on the job to achieve radically higher productivity and, as a result, radically
higherstandardsofliving.
Ironically, the first evidence for this idea appeared in the United States. Not long
ago, with the country entering a recession and Japan at its pre-bubble peak, the U.S.
workforcewasderidedaspoorlyeducatedandoneoftheprimarycausesofthepoor
U.S. economic performance. Japan was, and remains, the global leader in automotive-
assembly productivity. Yet the research revealed that the U.S. factories of Honda,
Nissan, and Toyota achieved about 95 percent of the productivity of their Japanese
counterparts–aresultofthetrainingthatU.S.workersreceivedonthejob.
More recently, while examining housing construction, the researchers discovered
that illiterate, non-English-speaking Mexican workers in Houston, Texas, consistently
met best-practice labor productivity standards despite the complexity of the building
industry’swork.
What is the real relationship between education and economic development? We
have to suspect that continuing economic growth promotes the development of
education even when governments don’t force it. After all, that’s how education got
started. When our ancestors were hunters and gatherers 10, 000 years ago, they didn’t
have time to wonder much about anything besides finding food. Only when humanity
begantogetitsfood inamoreproductivewaywastheretimefor otherthings.
As education improved, humanity’s productivity potential increased as well.
When the competitive environment pushed our ancestors to achieve that potential,
they could in turn afford more education. This increasingly high level of education is
probably a necessary, but not a sufficient, condition for the complex political systems
required by advanced economic performance. Thus poor countries might not be able
to escape their poverty traps without political changes that may be possible only with
broader formal education. A lack of formal education, however, doesn’t constrain the
ability of the developing world’s workforce to substantially improve productivity for
the foreseeable future. On the contrary, constraints on improving productivity explain
whyeducationisn’tdevelopingmorequicklytherethanitis.
英语试题 .7. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
31. TheauthorholdsinParagraph1thattheimportanceofeducationinpoor
countries
[A]issubjecttogroundlessdoubts.
[B]hasfallenvictimofbias.
[C]isconventionallydowngraded.
[D]hasbeenoverestimated.
32.ItisstatedinParagraph1thattheconstructionofaneweducationalsystem
[A]challengeseconomistsandpoliticians.
[B]takeseffortsofgenerations.
[C]demandspriorityfromthegovernment.
[D]requiressufficientlaborforce.
33.AmajordifferencebetweentheJapaneseandU.S. workforcesisthat
[A]theJapaneseworkforceisbetterdisciplined.
[B]theJapaneseworkforceismoreproductive.
[C]theU.S.workforcehasabettereducation.
[D]theU.S.workforceismoreorganized.
34.Theauthorquotestheexampleofourancestorstoshowthateducationemerged
[A]whenpeoplehadenoughtime.
[B]priortobetterwaysoffindingfood.
[C]whenpeoplenolongerwenthungry.
[D]asaresultofpressureongovernment.
35.Accordingtothelastparagraph,developmentofeducation
[A]resultsdirectlyfrom competitiveenvironments.
[B]doesnotdependoneconomicperformance.
[C]followsimprovedproductivity.
[D]cannotaffordpoliticalchanges.
英语试题 .8. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text4
The most thoroughly studied intellectuals in the history of the New World are the
ministers and political leaders of seventeenth-century New England. According to the
standard history of American philosophy, nowhere else in colonial America was “so
much importance attached to intellectual pursuits.” According to many books and
articles, NewEngland’s leadersestablished the basicthemesand preoccupations of an
unfolding,dominantPuritantraditioninAmericanintellectuallife.
To take this approach to the New Englanders normally means to start with the
Puritans’ theological innovations and their distinctive ideas about the church –
important subjects that we may not neglect. But in keeping with our examination of
southern intellectual life, we may consider the original Puritans as carriers of
European culture, adjusting to New Worldcircumstances. The New England colonies
were the scenes of important episodes in the pursuit of widely understood ideals of
civilityandvirtuosity.
The early settlers of Massachusetts Bay included men of impressive education
and influence in England. Besides the ninety or so learned ministers who came to
Massachusetts churches in the decade after 1629, there were political leaders like
John Winthrop, an educated gentleman, lawyer, and official of the Crown before he
journeyed to Boston. These men wrote and published extensively, reaching both New
World and Old World audiences, and giving New England an atmosphere of
intellectualearnestness.
We should not forget, however, that most New Englanders were less well
educated. While few craftsmen or farmers, let alone dependents and servants, left
literary compositions to be analyzed, it is obvious that their views were less fully
intellectualized. Their thinking often had a traditional superstitious quality. A tailor
named John Dane, who emigrated in the late 1630s, left an account of his reasons for
leaving England that is filled with signs. Sexual confusion, economic frustrations, and
religious hope – all came together in a decisive moment when he opened the Bible,
told his father that the first line he saw would settle his fate, and read the magical
words: “Come out from among them, touch no unclean thing, and I will be your God
and you shall be my people.” One wonders what Dane thought of the careful sermons
explainingtheBiblethatheheardinPuritanchurches.
Meanwhile, many settlers had slighter religious commitments than Dane’s, as
one clergyman learned in confronting folk along the coast who mocked that they had
notcometotheNewWorldforreligion.“Ourmainendwastocatchfish.”
英语试题 .9. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
36.Theauthorholdsthatintheseventeenth-centuryNewEngland
[A]Puritantraditiondominatedpoliticallife.
[B]intellectualinterestswereencouraged.
[C]politicsbenefitedmuchfromintellectualendeavors.
[D]intellectualpursuitsenjoyedaliberalenvironment.
37.ItissuggestedinParagraph2thatNewEnglanders
[A]experiencedacomparativelypeacefulearlyhistory.
[B]broughtwiththemthecultureoftheOldWorld.
[C]paidlittleattentiontosouthernintellectuallife.
[D]wereobsessedwithreligiousinnovations.
38.TheearlyministersandpoliticalleadersinMassachusettsBay
[A]werefamousintheNewWorldfortheirwritings.
[B]gainedincreasingimportanceinreligiousaffairs.
[C]abandonedhighpositionsbeforecomingtotheNewWorld.
[D]createdanewintellectualatmosphereinNewEngland.
39. ThestoryofJohnDaneshowsthatlesswell-educatedNewEnglanderswere
often
[A]influencedbysuperstitions.
[B]troubledwithreligiousbeliefs.
[C]puzzledbychurchsermons.
[D]frustratedwithfamilyearnings.
40.ThetextsuggeststhatearlysettlersinNewEngland
[A]weremostlyengagedinpoliticalactivities.
[B]weremotivatedbyanillusoryprospect.
[C]camefromdifferentintellectualbackgrounds.
[D]leftfewformalrecordsforlaterreference.
英语试题 .10. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Inthefollowingtext,somesegmentshavebeenremoved.ForQuestions41-45,
choosethe most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of thenumbered blanks.
There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers
onANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
Coinciding with the groundbreaking theory of biological evolution proposed by
British naturalist Charles Darwin in the 1860s, British social philosopher Herbert
Spencer put forward his own theory of biological and cultural evolution. Spencer
argued that all worldly phenomena, including human societies, changed over time,
advancingtowardperfection.(41)
American social scientist Lewis Henry Morgan introduced another theory of
cultural evolution in the late 1800s. Morgan helped found modern anthropology – the
scientific study of human societies, customs and beliefs – thus becoming one of the
earliest anthropologists. In his work, he attempted to show how all aspects of culture
changedtogetherintheevolutionofsocieties.(42)
In the early 1900s in North America, German-born American anthropologist
Franz Boas developed a new theory of culture known as historical particularism.
Historical particularism, which emphasized the uniqueness of all cultures, gave new
directiontoanthropology.(43)
Boas felt that the culture of any society must be understood as the result of a
unique history and not as one of many cultures belonging to a broader evolutionary
stageortypeofculture.(44)
Historical particularism became a dominant approach to the study of culture in
American anthropology, largely through the influence of many students of Boas. But
a number of anthropologists in the early 1900s also rejected the particularist theory of
culture in favor of diffusionism. Some attributed virtually every important cultural
achievement to the inventions of a few, especially gifted peoples that, according to
diffusionists,thenspreadtoothercultures.(45)
Also in the early 1900s, French sociologist Émile Durkheim developed a theory
of culture that would greatly influence anthropology. Durkheim proposed that
religious beliefs functioned to reinforce social solidarity. An interest in the
relationship between the function of society and culture became a major theme in
European,andespeciallyBritish,anthropology.
英语试题 .11. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
[A]Otheranthropologistsbelievedthatculturalinnovations,suchasinventions, had
asingleoriginandpassedfrom societytosociety.Thistheorywasknownas
diffusionism.
[B] In order to study particular cultures as completely as possible, he became
skilled in linguistics, the study of languages, and in physical anthropology, the
studyofhumanbiologyandanatomy.
[C] He argued that human evolution was characterized by a struggle he called the
“survival of the fittest,” in which weaker races and societies must eventually
bereplacedbystronger,moreadvancedracesandsocieties.
[D] Theyalsofocusedonimportantritualsthatappearedtopreservea people’ssocial
structure, such as initiation ceremonies that formally signify children’s entrance
intoadulthood.
[E] Thus, in his view, diverse aspects of culture, such as the structure of families,
forms of marriage, categories of kinship, ownership of property, forms of
government, technology, and systems of food production, all changed as
societiesevolved.
[F] Supporters of the theory viewed culture as a collection of integrated parts that
worktogethertokeepasocietyfunctioning.
[G] For example, British anthropologists Grafton Elliot Smith and W. J. Perry
incorrectly suggested, on the basis of inadequate information, that farming,
pottery making, and metallurgy all originated in ancient Egypt and diffused
throughout the world. In fact, all of these cultural developments occurred
separatelyatdifferenttimesinmanypartsoftheworld.
英语试题 .12. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartC
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10
points)
There is a marked difference between the education which every one gets from
living with others and the deliberate educating of the young. In the former case the
education is incidental; it is natural and important, but it is not the express reason of
the association. (46) It may be said that the measure of the worth of any social
institution is its effect in enlarging and improving experience, but this effect is not a
part of its original motive. Religious associations began, for example, in the desire to
secure the favor of overruling powers and to ward off evil influences; family life in
the desire to gratify appetites and secure family perpetuity; systematic labor, for the
most part, because of enslavement to others, etc. (47) Only gradually was the by-
product of the institution noted, and only more gradually still was this effect
considered as a directive factor in the conduct of the institution. Even today, in our
industrial life, apart from certain values of industriousness and thrift, the intellectual
and emotional reaction of the forms of human association under which the world’ s
workiscarriedonreceiveslittleattentionascomparedwithphysicaloutput.
Butindealingwiththeyoung, thefactofassociationitselfasanimmediate
human fact, gains in importance. (48) While it is easy to ignore in our contact with
them the effect of our acts upon their disposition, it is not so easy as in dealing with
adults. The need of training is too evident and the pressure to accomplish a change in
their attitude and habits is too urgent to leave these consequences wholly out of
account. (49) Since our chief business with them is to enable them to share in a
common life we cannot help considering whether or not we are forming the powers
which will secure this ability. If humanity has made some headway in realizing that
the ultimate value of every institution is its distinctively human effect we may well
believethatthislessonhasbeenlearnedlargelythroughdealingswiththeyoung.
(50) We are thus led to distinguish, within the broad educational process which
we have been so far considering, a more formal kind of education – that of direct
tuition or schooling. In undeveloped social groups, we find very little formal teaching
and training. These groups mainly rely for instilling needed dispositions into the
younguponthesamesortofassociationwhichkeepsadultsloyaltotheirgroup.
英语试题 .13. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
Restrictionsontheuseofplasticbagshavenotbeenso successfulinsome
regions.“WhitePollution”isstillgoingon.
Writealettertotheeditor(s)ofyour localnewspaperto
1) giveyour opinionsbriefly,and
2) maketwoorthreesuggestions.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsonANSWER SHEET2.
Donotsignyour ownnameattheendoftheletter.Use“LiMing”instead.
Donotwritetheaddress.(10points)
PartB
52.Directions:
Writeanessayof160-200wordsbasedonthefollowingdrawing.In your essay,
youshould
1) describethedrawingbriefly,
2) explainitsintendedmeaning,andthen
3) giveyourcomments.
YoushouldwriteneatlyonANSWER SHEET2.(20points)
英语试题 .14. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2008年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2008.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2008 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Readthefollowingtext.Choosethebestword(s)foreachnumberedblankandmark
A,B,CorDonANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
The idea that some groups of people may be more intelligent than others is one of
those hypotheses that dare not speak its name. But Gregory Cochran is 1 to say it
anyway. He isthat 2 bird, a scientist whoworks independently 3 anyinstitution.
He helped popularizethe idea that some diseases not 4 thought to have a bacterial
cause were actually infections, which aroused much controversy when it was first
suggested.
5 he, however, might tremble at the 6 of what he is about to do. Together
with another two scientists, he is publishing a paper which not only 7 that one
group of humanity is more intelligent than the others, but explains the process that has
broughtthisabout.Thegroup in 8 area particular people originated from central
Europe.Theprocessisnaturalselection.
Thisgroupgenerallydo wellin IQ test, 9 12-15pointsabovethe 10 value
of 100, and have contributed 11 to the intellectual and cultural life of the We
st, as the 12 of their elites, including several world-renowned scientists,
13 . They also suffer more often than most people from a number of nasty
genetic diseases, such as breast cancer. These facts, 14 , have previously been
thought unrelated. The former has been 15 to social effects, such as a strong
traditionof 16 education.The latterwas seenas a (an) 17 of genetic isolation. Dr.
Cochran suggests that the intelligence and diseases are intimately 18 . His
argument is that the unusual history of these people has 19 them to
unique evolutionary pressures that have resulted inthis20stateofaffairs.
1．[A]selected [B]prepared [C]obliged [D]pleased
2．[A]unique [B]particular [C]special [D]rare
3．[A]of [B]with [C]in [D]against
4．[A]subsequently [B]presently [C]previously [D]lately
5．[A]Only [B]So [C]Even [D]Hence
6．[A]thought [B]sight [C]cost [D]risk
英语试题 .1. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
7．[A]advises [B]suggests [C]protests [D]objects
8．[A]progress [B]fact [C]need [D]question
9．[A]attaining [B]scoring [C]reaching [D]calculating
10．[A]normal [B]common [C]mean [D]total
11．[A]unconsciously [B]disproportionately
[C]indefinitely [D]unaccountably
12．[A]missions [B]fortunes [C]interests [D]careers
13．[A]affirm [B]witness [C]observe [D]approve
14．[A]moreover [B]therefore [C]however [D]meanwhile
15．[A]givenup [B]gotover [C]carriedon [D]putdown
16．[A]assessing [B]supervising [C]administering [D]valuing
17．[A]development [B]origin [C]consequence [D]instrument
18．[A]linked [B]integrated [C]woven [D]combined
19．[A]limited [B]subjected [C]converted [D]directed
20．[A]paradoxical [B]incompatible [C]inevitable [D]continuous
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsbeloweachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersonANSWER SHEET1.(40points)
英语试题 .2. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text1
While still catching up to men in some spheres of modern life, women appear to
be way ahead in at least one undesirable category. “Women are particularly
susceptible to developing depression and anxiety disorders in response to stress
compared to men,” according to Dr. Yehuda, chief psychiatrist at New York’s
Veteran’sAdministrationHospital.
Studies of both animals and humans have shown that sex hormones somehow
affect the stress response, causing females under stress to produce more of the trigger
chemicals than do males under the same conditions. In several of the studies, when
stressed-out female rats had their ovaries (the female reproductive organs) removed,
theirchemicalresponsesbecameequaltothoseofthemales.
Adding to a woman’s increased dose of stress chemicals, are her increased
“opportunities” for stress. “It’s not necessarily that women don’t cope as well. It’s
just that they have so much more to cope with,” says Dr.Yehuda.“Their capacity for
tolerating stress may even be greater than men’s,” she observes, “it’s just that they’re
dealing with so many morethings that they becomeworn out from it morevisibly and
sooner.”
Dr.Yehudanotes another difference between the sexes. “I think that the kinds of
things that women are exposed to tend to be in more of a chronic or repeated nature.
Men go to war and are exposed to combat stress. Men are exposed to more acts of
random physical violence. The kinds of interpersonal violence that women are
exposed to tend to be in domestic situations, by, unfortunately, parents or other
family members, and they tend not to be one-shot deals. The wear-and-tear that
comesfromtheselongerrelationshipscanbequitedevastating.”
Adeline Alvarez married at 18 and gave birth to a son, but was determined to
finish college. “I struggled a lot to get the college degree. I was living in so much
frustrationthatthatwasmyescape,togo toschool, andgetaheadanddo better.”Later,
hermarriage ended and she becamea single mother. “It’sthe hardest thingto takecare
of a teenager, have a job, pay the rent, pay the car payment, and pay the debt. I lived
frompaychecktopaycheck.”
Not everyone experiences the kinds of severe chronic stresses Alvarez describes.
But most women today are coping with a lot of obligations, with few breaks, and
feeling the strain. Alvarez’s experience demonstrates the importance of finding ways
todiffusestressbeforeitthreatensyour healthandyour abilitytofunction.
英语试题 .3. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
21. Whichofthefollowingistrueaccordingtothefirsttwoparagraphs?
[A]Womenarebiologicallymorevulnerabletostress.
[B]Womenarestillsufferingmuchstresscausedbymen.
[C]Womenaremoreexperiencedthanmenincopingwithstress.
[D]Menandwomenshowdifferentinclinationswhenfacedwithstress.
22. Dr.Yehuda’sresearchsuggeststhatwomen
[A]needextradosesofchemicalstohandlestress.
[B]havelimitedcapacityfor toleratingstress.
[C]aremorecapableofavoidingstress.
[D]areexposedtomorestress.
23. AccordingtoParagraph4,thestresswomenconfronttendstobe
[A]domesticandtemporary.
[B]irregularandviolent.
[C]durableandfrequent.
[D]trivialandrandom.
24. Thesentence“Ilivedfrom paychecktopaycheck.”(Line6,Para.5)showsthat
[A]Alvarezcaredaboutnothingbutmakingmoney.
[B]Alvarez’ssalarybarelycoveredherhouseholdexpenses.
[C]Alvarezgotpaychecksfromdifferentjobs.
[D]Alvarezpaidpracticallyeverythingbycheck.
25. Whichofthefollowingwouldbethebesttitleforthetext?
[A]StrainofStress:NoWayOut?
[B]ResponsestoStress:GenderDifference
[C]StressAnalysis:WhatChemicalsSay
[D]GenderInequality:WomenUnderStress
英语试题 .4. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text2
It used to be so straightforward. A team of researchers working together in the
laboratory would submit the results of their research to a journal. A journal editor
would then remove the authors’ names and affiliations from the paper and send it to
their peers for review. Depending on the comments received, the editor would accept
the paper for publication or decline it. Copyright rested with the journal publisher,
and researchers seeking knowledge of the results would have to subscribe to the
journal.
No longer. The Internet – and pressure from funding agencies, who are
questioning why commercial publishers are making money from government-funded
researchby restrictingaccessto it –ismaking free access toscientific resultsa reality.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has just
issued a report describing the far-reaching consequences of this. The report, by John
Houghton of Victoria University in Australia and Graham Vickery of the OECD,
makes heavy reading for publishers who have, so far, made handsome profits. But it
goes further than that. It signals a change in what has, until now, been a key element
ofscientificendeavour.
The value of knowledge and the return on the public investment in research
depends, in part, upon wide distribution and ready access. It is big business. In
America,thecorescientificpublishingmarketisestimatedatbetween$7billionand
$11 billion. The International Association of Scientific, Technical and Medical
Publishers says that there are more than 2,000 publishers worldwide specializing in
these subjects. They publish more than 1.2 million articles each year in some 16,000
journals.
This is now changing. According to the OECD report, some 75% of scholarly
journals are now online. Entirely new business models are emerging; three main ones
were identified by the report’s authors. There is the so-called big deal, where
institutional subscribers pay for access to a collection of online journal titles through
site-licensing agreements. There is open-access publishing, typically supported by
asking the author (or his employer) to pay for the paper to be published. Finally, there
are open-access archives, where organizations such as universities or international
laboratories support institutional repositories. Other models exist that are hybrids of
these three, such as delayed open-access, where journals allow only subscribers to
read a paper for the first six months, before making it freely available to everyone
who wishes to see it. All this could change the traditional form of the peer-review
process,atleastforthepublicationofpapers.
英语试题 .5. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
26. Inthefirst paragraph,theauthordiscusses
[A]thebackgroundinformationofjournalediting.
[B]thepublicationroutineoflaboratoryreports.
[C]therelationsofauthorswithjournalpublishers.
[D]thetraditionalprocessofjournalpublication.
27. WhichofthefollowingistrueoftheOECDreport?
[A]Itcriticizesgovernment-fundedresearch.
[B]Itintroducesaneffectivemeansofpublication.
[C]Itupsetsprofit-makingjournalpublishers.
[D]Itbenefitsscientificresearchconsiderably.
28. Accordingtothetext,onlinepublicationissignificantinthat
[A]itprovidesaneasieraccesstoscientificresults.
[B]itbringshuge profitstoscientificresearchers.
[C]itemphasizesthecrucialroleofscientificknowledge.
[D]itfacilitatespublicinvestmentinscientificresearch.
29. Withtheopen-accesspublishingmodel,theauthorofapaperisrequiredto
[A]coverthecostofitspublication.
[B]subscribetothejournalpublishingit.
[C]allowotheronlinejournalstouseitfreely.
[D]completethepeer-reviewbeforesubmission.
30. Whichofthefollowingbestsummarizesthetext?
[A]TheInternetisposingathreattopublishers.
[B]Anewmodeofpublicationisemerging.
[C]Authorswelcomethenewchannelforpublication.
[D]Publicationisrenderedeasierbyonlineservice.
英语试题 .6. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text3
In the early 1960s Wilt Chamberlain was one of the only three players in the
National Basketball Association (NBA) listed at over seven feet. If he had played last
season, however, he would have been one of 42. The bodies playing major
professional sports have changed dramatically over the years, and managers have
been more than willing to adjust team uniforms to fit the growing numbers of bigger,
longerframes.
The trend in sports, though, may be obscuring an unrecognized reality:
Americans have generally stopped growing. Though typically about two inches taller
now than 140 years ago, today’s people – especially those born to families who have
lived in the U.S. for many generations – apparently reached their limit in the early
1960s. And they aren’t likely to get any taller. “In the general population today, at
this genetic, environmental level, we’ve pretty much gone as far as we can go,” says
anthropologist William Cameron Chumlea of Wright State University. In the case of
NBA players, their increase in height appears to result from the increasingly common
practiceofrecruitingplayersfromallovertheworld.
Growth, which rarely continues beyond the age of 20, demands calories and
nutrients–notably,protein–to feedexpandingtissues. Atthestartofthe20thcentury,
under-nutrition and childhood infections got in the way. But as diet and health
improved, children and adolescents have, on average, increased in height by about an
inch and a half every 20 years, a pattern known as the secular trend in height. Yet
according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, average height – 5′9″ for
men,5′4″for women–hasn’treallychangedsince1960.
Genetically speaking, there are advantages to avoiding substantial height. During
childbirth, larger babies have more difficulty passing through the birth canal.
Moreover, even though humans have been upright for millions of years, our feet and
back continue to struggle with bipedal posture and cannot easily withstand repeated
strain imposed by oversize limbs. “There are some real constraints that are set by the
genetic architecture of the individual organism,” says anthropologist William Leonard
ofNorthwesternUniversity.
Genetic maximums can change, but don’t expect this to happen soon. Claire C.
Gordon, senior anthropologist at the Army Research Center in Natick, Mass., ensures
that 90 percent of the uniforms and workstations fit recruits without alteration. She
says that, unlike those for basketball, the length of military uniforms has not changed
for some time. And if you need to predict human height in the near future to design a
piece of equipment, Gordon says that by and large, “you could use today’s data and
feelfairlyconfident.”
英语试题 .7. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
31. WiltChamberlainiscitedasanexampleto
[A]illustratethechangeofheightof NBAplayers.
[B]showthepopularityofNBAplayersintheU.S..
[C]comparedifferentgenerationsofNBAplayers.
[D]assesstheachievementsoffamousNBAplayers.
32. Whichofthefollowingplaysakeyroleinbodygrowthaccordingtothetext?
[A]Geneticmodification.
[B]Naturalenvironment.
[C]Livingstandards.
[D]Dailyexercise.
33. Onwhichofthefollowingstatementswouldtheauthormostprobablyagree?
[A]Non-Americansaddtotheaverage heightofthenation.
[B]Humanheightisconditionedbytheuprightposture.
[C]Americansarethetallestonaverageintheworld.
[D]Largerbabiestendtobecometallerinadulthood.
34. Welearnfromthelastparagraphthatinthenearfuture
[A]thegarmentindustrywillreconsidertheuniformsize.
[B]thedesignofmilitaryuniformswillremainunchanged.
[C]genetictestingwillbeemployedinselectingsportsmen.
[D]theexistingdataofhumanheightwillstillbeapplicable.
35. Thetextintendstotellusthat
[A]thechangeofhumanheightfollowsacyclicpattern.
[B]humanheightisbecomingevenmorepredictable.
[C]Americanshavereachedtheirgeneticgrowthlimit.
[D]thegeneticpatternofAmericanshasaltered.
英语试题 .8. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text4
In 1784, five years before he became president of the United States, George
Washington, 52, was nearly toothless. So he hired a dentist to transplant nine teeth
intohisjaw–havingextractedthemfromthemouthsofhisslaves.
That’s a far different image from the cherry-tree-chopping George most people
rememberfrom their historybooks. But recently, many historianshave begun to focus
on the role slavery played in the lives of the founding generation. They have been
spurred in part by DNA evidence made available in 1998, which almost certainly
proved ThomasJefferson hadfathered atleastone childwith hisslave SallyHemings.
And only over the past 30 years have scholars examined history from the bottom up.
Worksof several historians reveal the moral compromises made by the nation’s early
leaders and the fragile nature of the country’s infancy. More significantly, they argue
that many of the Founding Fathers knew slavery was wrong – and yet most did little
tofightit.
More than anything, the historians say, the founders were hampered by the
culture of their time. While Washington and Jefferson privately expressed distaste for
slavery, they also understood that it was part of the political and economic bedrock of
thecountrytheyhelpedtocreate.
For one thing, the South could not afford to part with its slaves. Owning slaves
was “like having a large bank account,” says Wiencek, author of An Imperfect God:
George Washington, His Slaves, and the Creation of America. The southern states
would not have signed the Constitution without protections for the “peculiar
institution,” including a clause that counted a slave as three fifths of a man for
purposesofcongressionalrepresentation.
And the statesmen’s political lives depended on slavery. The three-fifths formula
handed Jefferson his narrow victory in the presidential election of 1800 by inflating
the votes of the southern states in the Electoral College. Once in office, Jefferson
extended slavery with the Louisiana Purchase in 1803; the new land was carved into
13states,includingthreeslavestates.
Still, Jefferson freed Hemings’s children – though not Hemings herself or his
approximately 150 other slaves. Washington, who had begun to believe that all men
were created equal after observing the bravery of the black soldiers during the
Revolutionary War, overcame the strong opposition of his relatives to grant his slaves
their freedom in his will. Only a decade earlier, such an act would have required
legislativeapprovalinVirginia.
英语试题 .9. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
36. GeorgeWashington’sdentalsurgeryismentionedto
[A]showtheprimitivemedicalpracticeinthepast.
[B]demonstratethecrueltyofslaveryinhisdays.
[C]stresstheroleofslavesintheU.S.history.
[D]revealsomeunknownaspectofhislife.
37. Wemayinferfrom thesecondparagraphthat
[A]DNAtechnology hasbeenwidelyappliedtohistoryresearch.
[B]initsearlydaystheU.S.wasconfrontedwithdelicatesituations.
[C]historiansdeliberatelymadeupsomestoriesofJefferson’slife.
[D]politicalcompromisesareeasilyfound throughouttheU.S.history.
38. WhatdowelearnaboutThomasJefferson?
[A]Hispoliticalviewchangedhisattitudetowardsslavery.
[B]Hisstatusasafathermadehimfreethechildslaves.
[C]Hisattitudetowardsslaverywascomplex.
[D]Hisaffairwithaslavestainedhisprestige.
39. Whichofthefollowingistrueaccordingtothetext?
[A]SomeFoundingFathersbenefitpoliticallyfromslavery.
[B]Slavesintheolddaysdidnothavetherighttovote.
[C]Slavesownersusuallyhadlargesavingsaccounts.
[D]Slaverywasregardedasapeculiarinstitution.
40. Washington’sdecisiontofreeslavesoriginatedfromhis
[A]moralconsiderations.
[B]militaryexperience.
[C]financialconditions.
[D]politicalstand.
英语试题 .10. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Inthefollowingtext,somesegmentshavebeenremoved.ForQuestions41-45,
choosethemostsuitableonefromthelistA-Gtofitintoeachofthenumbered blanks.
There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the blanks. Mark your answers
onANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
Thetime for sharpening pencils, arranging your desk, and doing almost anything
else instead of writing has ended. The first draft will appear on the page only if you
stopavoidingtheinevitableandsit,standup,orliedowntowrite.
(41)
Beflexible.Youroutlineshouldsmoothly conductyou from onepointtothenext,
butdonotpermitittorailroadyou. If arelevant andimportantideaoccurstoyou now,
workit intothedraft. (42) Grammar, punctuation,
and spelling can wait until you revise. Concentrate on what you are saying. Good
writing most often occurs when you are in hot pursuit of an idea rather than in a
nervoussearchforerrors.
(43) Your pages will be easier to keep track of that way,
and, if you have to clip a paragraph to place it elsewhere, you will not lose any
writingontheotherside.
If you are working on a word processor, you can take advantage of its capacity
to make additions and deletions as well as move entire paragraphs by making just a
few simple keyboard commands. Some software programs can also check spelling
and certain grammatical elements in yourwriting. (44) These
printoutsarealsoeasiertoreadthanthescreenwhenyou workonrevisions.
Once you have a first draft on paper, you can delete material that is unrelated to
your thesis and add material necessary to illustrate your points and make your paper
convincing. The student who wrote “The A&P as a State of Mind” wisely dropped a
paragraph that questioned whether Sammy displays chauvinistic attitudes toward
women.(45)
Remember that your initial draft is only that. You should go through the paper
many times – and then again – working to substantiate and clarify your ideas. You
may even end up with several entire versions of the paper. Rewrite. The sentences
within each paragraph should be related to a single topic. Transitions should connect
one paragraph to the next so that there are no abrupt or confusing shifts. Awkwardor
wordy phrasing or unclear sentences and paragraphs should be mercilessly poked and
proddedintoshape.
英语试题 .11. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
[A] To make revising easier, leave wide margins and extra space between lines so
that you can easily add words, sentences, and corrections. Write on only one
sideofthepaper.
[B] After you haveclearly andadequately developed thebody ofyour paper, pay
particular attention to the introductory and concluding paragraphs. It’s
probablybesttowritetheintroductionlast,afteryouknowpreciselywhatyou
areintroducing. Concluding paragraphs demandequalattentionbecausethey
leavethereaderwithafinalimpression.
[C] It’sworth remembering, however, thatthough acleancopyfresh offaprinter
maylookterrific,itwillreadonlyaswellasthethinkingandwritingthathave
gone into it. Many writers prudently store their data ondisks and print their
pages each time they finish adraft toavoid losing any material because of
powerfailuresorotherproblems.
[D] It makes no difference how you write, just so you do. Now that you have
developed a topic into a tentative thesis, you can assemble your notes and
begintofleshoutwhatever outlineyou havemade.
[E] Although thisisaninterestingissue,ithasnothingtodowiththethesis,which
explainshowthesettinginfluencesSammy’s decisiontoquithisjob.Instead
ofincludingthatparagraph,sheaddedonethatdescribedLengel’scrabbed
response to the girls so that she could lead up to the A&P“policy” he
enforces.
[F] In the final paragraph about the significance of the setting in “A&P,” the
student brings together the reasons Sammy quit his job by referring to his
refusaltoacceptLengel’sstorepolicies.
[G] By using the first draft as a means of thinking about what you want to say,
youwillverylikelydiscovermorethanyournotesoriginallysuggested.Plentyof
good writers don’t use outlines at all but discover ordering principles as they
write.Do notattempttocomposeaperfectlycorrectdraftthefirsttimearound.
英语试题 .12. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartC
Directions:
Readthefollowingtextcarefullyandthentranslatetheunderlinedsegmentsinto
Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10
points)
In his autobiography, Darwin himself speaks of his intellectual powers with
extraordinary modesty. He points out that he always experienced much difficulty in
expressing himself clearly and concisely, but (46) he believes that this very difficulty
may have had the compensating advantage of forcing him to think long and intently
about every sentence, and thus enabling him to detect errors in reasoning and in his
own observations. He disclaimed the possession of any great quickness of
apprehension or wit, such as distinguished Huxley. (47) He asserted, also, that his
power to follow a long and purely abstract train of thought was very limited, for
which reason he felt certain that he never could have succeeded with mathematics.
Hismemory, too, he described as extensive, but hazy.So poor in one sense was it that
henevercouldrememberfor morethanafewdaysasingledateoralineofpoetry.
(48)On theother hand, hedidnot acceptaswell founded thecharge made by someof
his critics that, while he was a good observer, he had no power of reasoning. This, he
thought, could notbe true, because the “Origin of Species” is one longargument from
the beginning to the end, and has convinced many able men. No one, he submits,
could have written it without possessing some power of reasoning. He was willing to
assert that “I have a fair share of invention, and of common sense or judgment, such
as every fairly successful lawyer or doctor must have, but not, I believe, in any higher
degree.” (49) He adds humbly that perhaps he was “superior to the common run of
men in noticing things which easily escape attention, and in observing them
carefully.”
Writing in the last year of his life, he expressed the opinion that in two or three
respects his mind had changed during the preceding twenty or thirty years. Up to the
age ofthirty or beyond itpoetry ofmany kindsgave himgreatpleasure. Formerly, too,
pictures had given him considerable, and music very great, delight. In 1881, however,
he said: “Now for many years I cannot endure to read a line of poetry. I have also
almost lost my taste for pictures or music.” (50) Darwin was convinced that the loss
of these tastes was not only a loss of happiness, but might possibly be injurious to the
intellect,andmoreprobablytothemoralcharacter.
英语试题 .13. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
YouhavejustcomebackfromCanadaandfoundamusicCDinyour luggage
thatyou forgottoreturntoBob,yourlandlordthere.Writehimaletterto
1) makeanapology,and
2) suggestasolution.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsonANSWER SHEET2.
Donotsign yourownnameattheendoftheletter.Use“LiMing”instead.
Donotwritetheaddress.(10points)
PartB
52.Directions:
Writeanessayof160-200wordsbasedonthefollowingdrawing.In your essay,
youshould
1）describethedrawingbriefly,
2）explainitsintendedmeaning, andthen
3）giveyour comments.
YoushouldwriteneatlyonANSWERSHEET2.(20points)
英语试题 .14. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2007年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2007.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2007 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
Section I Use of English
Directions:
Readthefollowingtext.Choosethebestword(s)foreachnumberedblankandmark
A,B,CorDonANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
By 1830 the former Spanish and Portuguese colonies had become independent
nations. The roughly 20 million 1 of these nations looked 2 to the future.
Born in the crisis of the old regime and Iberian colonialism, many of the leaders of
independence 3 theidealsofrepresentative government,careers 4 to talent,
freedom of commerce and trade, the 5 to private property, and a belief in the
individualasthe basis of society. 6 therewas a belief that thenewnations should be
sovereign and independent states, large enough to be economically viable and
integrated bya7setof laws.
On the issue of 8 of religion and the position of the Church, 9 ,
there was less agreement 10 the leadership. Roman Catholicism had been
the state religion and the only one 11 by the Spanish crown. 12 most
leaders sought to maintain Catholicism 13 the official religion of thenew states,
some sought to end the 14 of other faiths. The defense of the Church became a
rallying15for theconservative forces.
The ideals of the early leaders of independence were often egalitarian, valuing
equality of everything. Bolivar had received aid from Haiti and had 16 in return
to abolish slavery in the areas he liberated. By 1854 slavery had been abolished
everywhere except Spain’ s 17 colonies. Early promises to end Indian tribute
and taxes on people of mixed origin came much 18 because the new nations
still needed the revenue such policies 19 . Egalitarian sentiments were often
temperedbyfearsthatthemass of the population was 20 self-rule anddemocracy.
1. [A]natives [B]inhabitants [C]peoples [D]individuals
2. [A]confusedly [B]cheerfully [C]worriedly [D]hopefully
3. [A]shared [B]forgot [C]attained [D]rejected
4. [A]related [B]close [C]open [D]devoted
英语试题 .1. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
5. [A]access [B]succession [C]right [D]return
6. [A]Presumably [B]Incidentally [C]Obviously [D]Generally
7. [A]unique [B]common [C]particular [D]typical
8. [A]freedom [B]origin [C]impact [D]reform
9. [A]therefore [B]however [C]indeed [D]moreover
10. [A]with [B]about [C]among [D]by
11. [A]allowed [B]preached [C]granted [D]funded
12. [A]Since [B]If [C]Unless [D]While
13. [A]as [B]for [C]under [D]against
14. [A]spread [B]interference [C]exclusion [D]influence
15. [A]support [B]cry [C]plea [D]wish
16. [A]urged [B]intended [C]expected [D]promised
17. [A]controlling [B]former [C]remaining [D]original
18. [A]slower [B]faster [C]easier [D]tougher
19. [A]created [B]produced [C]contributed [D]preferred
20. [A]puzzledby [B]hostileto
[C]pessimisticabout [D]unpreparedfor
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowing four texts.Answerthequestions beloweachtextbychoosing
A, B, C or D. Mark your answers onANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)
英语试题 .2. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text1
If you were to examine the birth certificates of every soccer player in 2006’s
World Cup tournament, you would most likely find a noteworthy quirk: elite soccer
players are more likely to have been born in the earlier months of the year than in the
later months. If you then examined the European national youth teams that feed the
World Cup and professional ranks, you would find this strange phenomenon to be
evenmorepronounced.
What might account for this strange phenomenon? Here are a few guesses: a)
certain astrological signs confer superior soccer skills; b) winter-born babies tend to
have higher oxygen capacity, which increases soccer stamina; c) soccer-mad parents
aremorelikelytoconceivechildreninspringtime,attheannualpeakofsoccer mania;
d)noneoftheabove.
Anders Ericsson, a 58-year-old psychology professor at Florida State University,
says he believes strongly in “none of the above.” Ericsson grew up in Sweden, and
studied nuclear engineering until he realized he would have more opportunity to
conduct his own research if he switched to psychology. His first experiment, nearly
30 years ago, involved memory: training a person to hear and then repeat a random
series of numbers. “With the first subject, after about 20 hours of training, his digit
span had risen from 7 to 20,” Ericsson recalls. “He kept improving, and after about
200hoursoftraininghehadrisentoover80numbers.”
This success, coupled with later research showing that memory itself is not
genetically determined, led Ericsson to conclude that the act of memorizing is more
of a cognitive exercise than an intuitive one. In other words, whatever inborn
differences two people may exhibit in their abilities to memorize, those differences
are swamped by how well each person “encodes” the information. And the best way
to learn how to encode information meaningfully, Ericsson determined, was a process
known as deliberate practice. Deliberate practice entails more than simply repeating a
task. Rather, it involves setting specific goals, obtaining immediate feedback and
concentratingasmuchontechniqueasonoutcome.
Ericsson and his colleagues have thus taken to studying expert performers in a
wide range of pursuits, including soccer. They gather all the data they can, not just
performance statistics and biographical details but also the results of their own
laboratory experiments with high achievers. Their work makes a rather startling
assertion: the trait we commonly call talent is highly overrated. Or, put another way,
expertperformers–whetherinmemoryorsurgery,balletorcomputerprogramming
–arenearlyalways made,notborn.
英语试题 .3. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
21.Thebirthdayphenomenonfoundamongsoccerplayersismentionedto
[A] stresstheimportanceofprofessionaltraining.
[B] spotlightthesoccersuperstarsintheWorldCup.
[C] introducethetopicofwhatmakesexpertperformance.
[D] explainwhysomesoccerteamsplaybetterthanothers.
22.Theword“mania”(Line4,Paragraph2)mostprobablymeans
[A] fun.
[B] craze.
[C] hysteria.
[D] excitement.
23.AccordingtoEricsson,goodmemory
[A] dependsonmeaningful processingofinformation.
[B] resultsfrom intuitiveratherthancognitiveexercises.
[C] isdeterminedbygeneticratherthanpsychologicalfactors.
[D] requiresimmediatefeedbackandahighdegreeofconcentration.
24.Ericssonandhiscolleaguesbelievethat
[A] talentisadominatingfactorfor professionalsuccess.
[B] biographicaldataprovidethekeytoexcellentperformance.
[C] theroleoftalenttendstobeoverlooked.
[D] highachieversowetheirsuccessmostlytonurture.
25.Whichofthefollowingproverbsisclosesttothemessagethetexttriestoconvey?
[A] “Faithwillmovemountains.”
[B] “Onereapswhatonesows.”
[C] “Practicemakesperfect.”
[D] “Likefather,likeson.”
英语试题 .4. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text2
For the past several years, the Sunday newspapersupplementParade has featured
a column called “Ask Marilyn.” People are invited to query Marilyn vos Savant, who
at age 10 had tested at a mental level of someone about 23 years old; that gave her an
IQ of 228 – the highest score ever recorded. IQ tests ask you to complete verbal and
visual analogies, to envision paper after it has been folded and cut, and to deduce
numerical sequences, among other similar tasks. So it is a bit confusing when vos
Savant fields such queries from the average Joe (whose IQ is 100) as, What’s the
difference between love and fondness? Or what is the nature of luck and coincidence?
It’ s not obvious how the capacity to visualize objects and to figure out numerical
patterns suits one to answer questions that have eluded some of the best poets and
philosophers.
Clearly, intelligence encompasses more than a score on a test. Just what does it
mean to be smart? How much of intelligence can be specified, and how much can we
learnaboutitfromneurology, genetics,computerscienceandotherfields?
The defining term of intelligence in humans still seems to be the IQ score, even
though IQ tests are not given as often as they used to be. The test comes primarily in
two forms: the Stanford-Binet Intelligence Scale and the WechslerIntelligence Scales
(both come in adult and children’ s version). Generally costing several hundred dollars,
they are usually given only by psychologists, although variations of them populate
bookstores and the WorldWide Web.Superhigh scores like vos Savant’ s are no longer
possible, because scoring is now based on a statistical population distribution among
age peers, rather than simply dividing the mental age by the chronological age and
multiplying by 100. Other standardized tests, such as the Scholastic Assessment Test
(SAT)andtheGraduateRecordExam(GRE),capturethemainaspectsofIQtests.
Such standardized tests may not assess all the important elements necessary to
succeed in school and in life, argues Robert J. Sternberg. In his article “How
Intelligent Is Intelligence Testing?”, Sternberg notes that traditional tests best assess
analytical and verbal skills but fail to measure creativity and practical knowledge,
components also critical to problem solving and life success. Moreover, IQ tests do not
necessarily predict so well once populations or situations change. Research has found
that IQ predicted leadership skills when the tests were given under low-stress
conditions, but under high-stress conditions, IQ was negatively correlated with
leadership–that is, itpredicted the opposite. Anyone who hastoiled through SATwill
testify that test-taking skill also matters, whether it's knowing when to guess or what
questionstoskip.
英语试题 .5. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
26.Whichofthefollowingmayberequiredinanintelligencetest?
[A]Answeringphilosophicalquestions.
[B] Foldingorcuttingpaperintodifferentshapes.
[C]Tellingthedifferencesbetweencertainconcepts.
[D] Choosingwordsorgraphssimilartothegivenones.
27.WhatcanbeinferredaboutintelligencetestingfromParagraph3?
[A] PeoplenolongeruseIQscoresasanindicatorofintelligence.
[B] MoreversionsofIQtestsarenowavailableontheInternet.
[C]Thetestcontentsandformatsfor adultsandchildrenmaybedifferent.
[D] Scientistshavedefinedtheimportantelementsofhumanintelligence.
28.PeoplenowadayscannolongerachieveIQscoresashighasvosSavant’sbecause
[A] thescoresareobtainedthroughdifferentcomputationalprocedures.
[B] creativityratherthananalyticalskillsisemphasizednow.
[C] vosSavant’scaseisanextremeonethatwillnotrepeat.
[D] thedefiningcharacteristicofIQ testshaschanged.
29.Wecanconcludefrom thelastparagraphthat
[A] testscoresmaynotbereliableindicatorsofone’sability.
[B] IQscoresandSATresultsarehighlycorrelated.
[C] testinginvolvesalotofguesswork.
[D] traditionaltestsareoutofdate.
30.Whatistheauthor’sattitudetowardsIQtests?
[A] Supportive.
[B] Skeptical.
[C] Impartial.
[D] Biased.
英语试题 .6. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text3
During the past generation, the American middle-class family that once could
count on hard work and fair play to keep itself financially secure has been
transformed by economic risk and new realities. Now a pink slip, a bad diagnosis, or
a disappearing spouse can reduce a family from solidly middle class to newly poor in
afewmonths.
In just one generation, millions of mothers have gone to work, transforming
basic family economics. Scholars, policymakers, and critics of all stripes have
debatedthesocialimplicationsofthesechanges, butfewhavelookedatthesideeffect:
family risk has risen as well. Today’ s families have budgeted to the limits of their
new two-paycheck status. As a result, they have lost the parachute they once had in
times of financial setback – a back-up earner (usually Mom) who could go into the
workforce if the primary earner got laid off or fell sick. This “added-worker effect”
could support the safety net offered by unemployment insurance or disability
insurance to help families weather bad times. But today, a disruption to family
fortunes can no longer be made up with extra income from an otherwise-stay-at-home
partner.
During the same period, families have been asked to absorb much more risk in
their retirement income. Steelworkers, airline employees, and now those in the auto
industry are joining millions of families who must worry about interest rates, stock
market fluctuation, and the harsh reality that they may outlive their retirement money.
For much of the past year, President Bush campaigned to move Social Security to a
savings-account model, with retirees trading much or all of their guaranteed payments
for payments depending on investment returns. For younger families, the picture is
not any better. Both the absolute cost of healthcare and the share of it borne by
families have risen – and newly fashionable health-savings plans are spreading from
legislative halls to Wal-Mart workers, with much higher deductibles and a large new
dose of investment risk for families’ future healthcare. Even demographics are
working against the middle class family, as the odds of having a weak elderly parent
–andalltheattendantneedfor physicalandfinancialassistance–havejumped
eightfoldinjustonegeneration.
From the middle-class family perspective, much of this, understandably, looks
far less like an opportunity to exercise more financial responsibility, and a good deal
more like a frightening acceleration of the wholesale shift of financial risk onto their
already overburdened shoulders. The financial fallout has begun, and the political
falloutmaynotbefarbehind.
英语试题 .7. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
31.Today’sdouble-incomefamiliesareatgreaterfinancialriskinthat
[A] thesafetynettheyusedtoenjoyhasdisappeared.
[B] theirchancesofbeinglaidoffhavegreatlyincreased.
[C] theyaremorevulnerabletochangesinfamilyeconomics.
[D] theyaredeprivedof unemploymentordisabilityinsurance.
32.AsaresultofPresidentBush’sreform,retiredpeoplemayhave
[A] ahighersenseofsecurity.
[B] lesssecuredpayments.
[C] lesschancetoinvest.
[D] aguaranteedfuture.
33.Accordingtotheauthor,health-savingsplanswill
[A] helpreducethecostofhealthcare.
[B] popularizeamongthemiddleclass.
[C] compensateforthereducedpensions.
[D] increasethefamilies’investmentrisk.
34.Itcanbeinferredfrom thelastparagraphthat
[A] financialriskstendtooutweigh politicalrisks.
[B] themiddleclassmayfacegreaterpoliticalchallenges.
[C] financialproblemsmaybringaboutpoliticalproblems.
[D] financialresponsibilityisanindicatorofpoliticalstatus.
35.Whichofthefollowingisthebesttitlefor thistext?
[A]TheMiddleClassontheAlert
[B]TheMiddleClassontheCliff
[C]TheMiddleClassinConflict
[D]TheMiddleClassinRuins
英语试题 .8. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text4
It never rains but it pours. Just as bosses and boards have finally sorted out their
worst accounting and compliance troubles, and improved their feeble corporation
governance, a new problem threatens to earn them – especially in America – the
sort of nasty headlines that inevitably lead to heads rolling in the executive suite: data
insecurity. Left, until now, to odd, low-level IT staff to put right, and seen as a
concern only of data-rich industries such as banking, telecoms and air travel,
information protection is now high on the boss’ s agenda in businesses of every
variety.
Several massive leakages of customer and employee data this year – from
organizations as diverse as Time Warner, the American defense contractor Science
Applications International Corp and even the University of California, Berkeley –
have left managers hurriedly peering into their intricate IT systems and business
processesinsearchofpotentialvulnerabilities.
“Data is becoming an asset which needs to be guarded as much as any other
asset,” says Haim Mendelson of Stanford University’ s business school. “The ability
to guard customer data is the key to market value, which the board is responsible for
on behalf of shareholders”. Indeed, just as there is the concept of Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP), perhaps it is time for GASP, Generally Accepted
Security Practices, suggested Eli Noam of New York’ s Columbia Business School.
“Setting the proper investment level for security, redundancy, and recovery is a
managementissue,notatechnicalone,”hesays.
The mystery is that this should come as a surprise to any boss. Surely it should
be obvious to the dimmest executive that trust, that most valuable of economic assets,
is easily destroyed and hugely expensive to restore – and that few things are more
likely to destroy trust than a company letting sensitive personal data get into the
wronghands.
The current state of affairs may have been encouraged – though not justified –
by the lack of legal penalty (in America, but not Europe) for data leakage. Until
California recently passed a law,American firms did not have to tell anyone, even the
victim, when data went astray. That may change fast: lots of proposed data-security
legislation is now doing the rounds in Washington, D.C. Meanwhile, the theft of
informationaboutsome40millioncredit-card accounts inAmerica,disclosedonJune
17th, overshadowed a hugely important decision a day earlier by America’ s Federal
Trade Commission (FTC) that puts corporate America on notice that regulators will
actiffirmsfailtoprovideadequatedatasecurity.
英语试题 .9. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
36.Thestatement“Itneverrainsbutitpours”isusedtointroduce
[A] thefiercebusinesscompetition.
[B] thefeebleboss-boardrelations.
[C] thethreatfromnewsreports.
[D] theseverityofdataleakage.
37.AccordingtoParagraph2,someorganizationschecktheirsystemstofindout
[A] whetherthereisanyweakpoint.
[B] whatsortofdatahasbeenstolen.
[C] whoisresponsiblefor theleakage.
[D] howthepotentialspiescanbelocated.
38.InbringinguptheconceptofGASP theauthorismakingthepointthat
[A] shareholders’interestsshouldbeproperlyattendedto.
[B] informationprotectionshouldbegivendueattention.
[C] businessesshouldenhancetheirlevelofaccountingsecurity.
[D] themarketvalueofcustomerdatashouldbeemphasized.
39.AccordingtoParagraph4,whatpuzzlestheauthoristhatsomebossesfailto
[A] seethelinkbetweentrustanddataprotection.
[B] perceivethesensitivityofpersonaldata.
[C] realizethehighcostofdatarestoration.
[D] appreciatetheeconomicvalueoftrust.
40.Itcanbeinferredfrom Paragraph5that
[A] dataleakageismoresevereinEurope.
[B] FTC’sdecisionisessentialtodatasecurity.
[C] Californiatakestheleadinsecuritylegislation.
[D] legalpenaltyisamajorsolutiontodataleakage.
英语试题 .10. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Youaregoing toreadalistofheadingsandatextaboutwhatparentsaresupposedto
doto guidetheir childreninto adulthood. Chooseaheadingfrom thelistA-G thatbest
fits the meaning of each numbered part of the text (41-45). The first and last
paragraphs of the text are not numbered. There are two extra headings that you do not
needtouse.Markyour answersonANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
A. SetaGoodExamplefor YourKids
B. BuildYourKids’WorkSkills
C. PlaceTimeLimitsonLeisureActivities
D. TalkabouttheFutureonaRegularBasis
E. HelpKidsDevelopCopingStrategies
F.HelpYourKidsFigureOutWhoTheyAre
G. BuildYourKids’SenseofResponsibility
How Can a Parent Help?
Mothers and fathers can do a lot to ensure a safe landing in early adulthood for
their kids. Even if a job’s starting salary seems too small to satisfy an emerging
adult’s need for rapid content, the transition from school to work can be less of a
setback if the start-up adult is ready for the move. Here are a few measures, drawn
from my book Ready or Not, Here Life Comes, that parents can take to prevent what I
call“work-lifeunreadiness”:
41
You can start this process when they are 11 or 12. Periodically review their
emergingstrengthsandweaknesseswiththemandworktogetheronanyshortcomings,
like difficulty in communicating well or collaborating. Also, identify the kinds of
intereststhey keep comingback to,astheseoffer cluesto thecareersthatwillfit them
best.
42
Kids need a range of authentic role models – as opposed to members of their
clique, pop stars and vaunted athletes. Have regular dinner-table discussions about
people the family knows and how they got where they are. Discuss the joys and
downsides of your own career and encourage your kids to form some ideas about
their own future. When asked what they want to do, they should be discouraged from
saying “I have no idea.” They can change their minds 200 times, but having only a
foggyviewofthefutureisoflittlegood.
英语试题 .11. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
43
Teachers are responsible for teaching kids how to learn; parents should be
responsible for teaching them how to work. Assign responsibilities around the house
and make sure homework deadlines are met. Encourage teenagers to take a part-time
job. Kids need plenty of practice delaying gratification and deploying effective
organizationalskills,suchasmanagingtimeandsettingpriorities.
44
Playingvideogamesencouragesimmediatecontent.AndhoursofwatchingTV
shows with canned laughter only teaches kids to process information in a passive way.
At the same time, listening through earphones to the same monotonous beats for long
stretches encourages kids to stay inside their bubble instead of pursuing other
endeavors. All these activities can prevent the growth of important communication
and thinking skills and make it difficult for kids to develop the kind of sustained
concentrationtheywillneedfor mostjobs.
45
Theyshouldknowhowtodealwithsetbacks,stressesandfeelingsof inadequacy.
They should also learn how to solve problems and resolve conflicts, ways to
brainstorm and think critically. Discussions at home can help kids practice doing
thesethingsandhelpthemapplytheseskillstoeverydaylifesituations.
What about the son or daughter who is grown but seems to be struggling and
wandering aimlessly through early adulthood? Parents still have a major role to play,
but now it is more delicate. They have to be careful not to come across as
disappointed in their child. They should exhibit strong interest and respect for
whatever currently interests their fledging adult (as naive or ill conceived as it may
seem) while becoming a partner in exploring options for the future. Most of all, these
new adults must feel that they are respected and supported by a family that
appreciatesthem.
英语试题 .12. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartC
Directions:
Readthefollowingtextcarefullyandthentranslatetheunderlinedsegmentsinto
Chinese.YourtranslationshouldbewrittenclearlyonANSWER SHEET2.(10points)
The study of law has been recognized for centuries as a basic intellectual
discipline in European universities. However, only in recent years has it become a
feature of undergraduate programs in Canadian universities. (46) Traditionally, legal
learning has been viewed in such institutions asthe special preserve of lawyers, rather
than a necessarypartof the intellectual equipmentof an educated person.Happily, the
older and more continental view of legal education is establishing itself in a number
of Canadian universities and some have even begun to offer undergraduate degrees in
law.
If the study of law is beginning to establish itself as part and parcel of a general
education, its aims and methods should appeal directly to journalism educators. Law
is a discipline which encourages responsible judgment. On the one hand, it provides
opportunities to analyze such ideas as justice, democracy and freedom. (47) On the
other, it links these concepts to everyday realities in a manner which is parallel to the
links journalists forge on a daily basis as they cover and comment on the news. For
example, notions of evidence and fact, of basic rights and public interest are at work
in the process of journalistic judgment and production just as in courts of law.
Sharpening judgment by absorbing and reflecting on law is a desirable component of
ajournalist’sintellectualpreparationfor hisorhercareer.
(48) But the idea that the journalist must understand the law more profoundly
than an ordinary citizen rests on an understanding of the established conventions and
special responsibilities of the news media. Politics or, more broadly, the functioning
of the state, is a major subject for journalists. The better informed they are about the
way the state works, the better their reporting will be. (49) In fact, it is difficult to see
how journalists who do not have a clear grasp of the basic features of the Canadian
Constitutioncandoacompetentjobonpoliticalstories.
Furthermore, the legal system and the events which occur within it are primary
subjectsfor journalists. While thequality of legal journalism variesgreatly,there is an
undue reliance amongst many journalists on interpretations supplied to them by
lawyers. (50) While comment and reaction from lawyers may enhance stories, it is
preferable for journalists to rely on their own notions of significance and make their
own judgments. These can only come from a well-grounded understanding of the
legalsystem.
英语试题 .13. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
Writealettertoyour universitylibrary,makingsuggestionsfor improvingits
service.
Youshouldwriteabout100wordsonANSWERSHEET2.
Donotsign yourownnameattheendoftheletter.Use“LiMing”instead.
Donotwritetheaddress.(10points)
PartB
52.Directions:
Writeanessayof160-200wordsbasedonthefollowing drawing. In your
essay,you should
1) describethedrawingbriefly,
2) explainitsintendedmeaning, andthen
3) supportyour viewwithanexample/examples.
YoushouldwriteneatlyonANSWER SHEET2.(20points)
英语试题 .14. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2005年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2005.pdf)
绝密★启用前
2005 年全国硕士研究生招生考试
英语
（科目代码：201）
☆考生注意事项☆
1. 答题前，考生须在试题册指定位置上填写考生编号和考生姓名；在答题卡
指定位置上填写报考单位、考生姓名和考生编号,并涂写考生编号信息点。
2. 考生须把试题册上的“试卷条形码”粘贴条取下，粘贴在答题卡的“试卷
条形码粘贴位置”框中。不按规定粘贴条形码而影响评卷结果的，责任由
考生自负。
3. 选择题的答案必须涂写在答题卡相应题号的选项上，非选择题的答案必须
书写在答题卡指定位置的边框区域内。超出答题区域书写的答案无效；在
草稿纸、试题册上答题无效。
4. 填（书）写部分必须使用黑色字迹签字笔书写，字迹工整、笔迹清楚；涂
写部分必须使用 2B铅笔填涂。
5. 考试结束，将答题卡和试题册按规定交回。
（以下信息考生必须认真填写）
考生编号
考生姓名
pastpapers.cn
The human nose is an underrated tool. Humans are often thought to be
insensitive smellers compared with animals, 1 this is largely because,
2 animals, we stand upright. This means that our noses are 3 to perceiving those
smellswhichfloat through theair, 4 the majorityofsmellswhichsticktosurfaces.
In fact, 5 , we are extremely sensitive to smells, 6 wedonotgenerallyrealizeit.
Ournosesarecapableof 7 humansmells even when these are 8 to far below one part
inonemillion.
Strangely, some people find that they can smell one type of flower but not
another, 9 others are sensitive to the smells of both flowers. This may be
because some people do not have the genes necessary to generate 10 smell
receptors in the nose. These receptors are the cells which sense smells and send
11 tothebrain. However, ithasbeen found thatevenpeople insensitiveto acertain
smell 12 cansuddenlybecomesensitivetoitwhen 13 toitoftenenough.
The explanation for insensitivity to smell seems to be that the brain finds it
14 tokeepallsmellreceptorsworkingallthetimebutcan15 newreceptors if necessary.
This may 16 explain why we are not usually sensitive to our own smells – we
simply do not need to be. Weare not 17 of the usual smell of our own house, but we
18 new smells when we visit someone else’s. The brain finds it best to keep smell
receptors 19 for unfamiliarandemergencysignals 20 thesmell ofsmoke,which
mightindicatethedangeroffire.
1.[A]although [B]as [C]but [D]while
2.[A]above [B]unlike [C]excluding [D]besides
3.[A]limited [B]committed [C]dedicated [D]confined
4.[A]catching [B]ignoring [C]missing [D]tracking
英语试题 .1. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
5.[A]anyway [B]though [C]instead [D]therefore
6.[A]evenif [B]ifonly [C]onlyif [D]asif
7.[A]distinguishing [B]discovering [C]determining [D]detecting
8.[A]diluted [B]dissolved [C]dispersed [D]diffused
9.[A]when [B]since [C]for [D]whereas
10.[A]unusual [B]particular [C]unique [D]typical
11.[A]signs [B]stimuli [C]messages [D]impulses
12.[A]atfirst [B]atall [C]atlarge [D]attimes
13.[A]subjected [B]left [C]drawn [D]exposed
14.[A]ineffective [B]incompetent [C]inefficient [D]insufficient
15.[A]introduce [B]summon [C]trigger [D]create
16.[A]still [B]also [C]otherwise [D]nevertheless
17.[A]sure [B]sick [C]aware [D]tired
18.[A]tolerate [B]repel [C]neglect [D]notice
19.[A]available [B]reliable [C]identifiable [D]suitable
20.[A]similarto [B]suchas [C]alongwith [D]asidefrom
Section II Reading Comprehension
PartA
Directions:
Readthefollowingfour texts.AnswerthequestionsbeloweachtextbychoosingA,B,
CorD.MarkyouranswersonANSWER SHEET1.(40points)
英语试题 .2. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text1
Everybody loves a fat pay rise. Yet pleasure at your own can vanish if you learn
that a colleague has been given a bigger one. Indeed, if he has a reputation for
slacking, you might even be outraged. Such behaviour is regarded as “all too human”,
with the underlying assumption that other animals would not be capable of this finely
developed sense of grievance. But a study by Sarah Brosnan and Frans de Waal of
Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, which has just been published in Nature,
suggeststhatitisalltoomonkey,aswell.
The researchers studied the behaviour of female brown capuchin monkeys. They
look cute. They are good-natured, co-operative creatures, and they share their food
readily. Above all, liketheir female human counterparts, they tend to pay much closer
attentiontothevalueof“goodsandservices”thanmales.
Such characteristics make them perfect candidates for Dr. Brosnan’s and Dr. de
Waal’s study. The researchers spent two years teaching their monkeys to exchange
tokens for food. Normally, the monkeys were happy enough to exchange pieces of
rockfor slicesofcucumber. However, when two monkeys wereplaced inseparatebut
adjoining chambers, so that each could observe what the other was getting in return
foritsrock,theirbehaviourbecamemarkedlydifferent.
In the world of capuchins grapes are luxury goods (and much preferable to
cucumbers). So when one monkey was handed a grape in exchange for her token, the
second was reluctant to hand hers over for a mere piece of cucumber. And if one
received a grape without having to provide her token in exchange at all, the other
either tossed her own token at the researcher or out of the chamber, or refused to
accept the slice of cucumber. Indeed, the mere presence of a grape in the other
chamber (without an actual monkey to eat it) was enough to induce resentment in a
femalecapuchin.
The researchers suggest that capuchin monkeys, like humans, are guided by
social emotions. In the wild, they are a co-operative, group-living species. Such co-
operation is likely to be stable only when each animal feels it is not being cheated.
Feelings of righteous indignation, it seems, are not the preserve of people alone.
Refusing a lesser reward completely makes these feelings abundantly clear to other
members of the group. However, whether such a sense of fairness evolved
independently in capuchins and humans, or whether it stems from the common
ancestorthatthespecieshad35millionyearsago, is,asyet,anunansweredquestion.
英语试题 .3. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
21.In theopeningparagraph,theauthorintroduceshistopicby
[A]posingacontrast.
[B]justifyinganassumption.
[C]makingacomparison.
[D]explainingaphenomenon.
22.Thestatement“itisalltoomonkey”(Lastline,Paragraphl)impliesthat
[A]monkeysarealsooutragedbyslackrivals.
[B]resentingunfairnessisalsomonkeys’nature.
[C]monkeys,likehumans,tendtobejealousofeachother.
[D]noanimalsotherthanmonkeyscandevelopsuchemotions.
23.Femalecapuchinmonkeyswerechosenfor theresearchmostprobably
becausetheyare
[A]moreinclinedtoweighwhattheyget.
[B]attentivetoresearchers’instructions.
[C]niceinbothappearanceandtemperament.
[D]moregenerousthantheirmalecompanions.
24. Dr.BrosnanandDr.deWaalhaveeventuallyfoundintheirstudythatthemonkeys
[A]prefergrapestocucumbers.
[B]canbetaughttoexchangethings.
[C]willnotbeco-operativeiffeelingcheated.
[D]areunhappywhenseparatedfromothers.
25.Whatcanweinferfromthelastparagraph?
[A]Monkeyscanbetrainedtodevelopsocialemotions.
[B]Humanindignationevolved fromanuncertainsource.
[C]Animalsusuallyshowtheirfeelingsopenlyashumansdo.
[D]Cooperationamongmonkeysremainsstableonlyinthewild.
英语试题 .4. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Do you remember all those years when scientists argued that smoking would kill
us but the doubters insisted that we didn’t know for sure? That the evidence was
inconclusive, the science uncertain? That the antismoking lobby was out to destroy
our way of life and the government should stay out of the way? Lots of Americans
bought that nonsense, and over three decades, some 10 million smokers went to early
graves.
There are upsetting parallels today, as scientists in one wave after another try to
awaken us to the growing threat of global warming. The latest was a panel from the
National Academy of Sciences, enlisted by the White House, to tell us that the Earth’s
atmosphere is definitely warming and that the problem is largely man-made. The
clear message is that we should get moving to protect ourselves. The president of the
National Academy, Bruce Alberts, added this key point in the preface to the panel’s
report: “Science never has all the answers. But science does provide us with the best
available guide to the future, and it is critical that our nation and the world base
important policies on the best judgments that science can provide concerning the
futureconsequencesofpresentactions.”
Just as on smoking, voices now come from many quarters insisting that the
science about global warming is incomplete, that it’s OK to keep pouring fumes into
the air until we know for sure. This is a dangerous game: by the time 100 percent of
the evidence is in, it may be too late. With the risks obvious and growing, a prudent
peoplewouldtakeoutaninsurancepolicynow.
Fortunately, the White House is starting to pay attention. But it’s obvious that a
majority of the president’s advisers still don’t take global warming seriously. Instead
of a plan of action, they continue to press for more research – a classic case of
“paralysisbyanalysis”.
Toserve as responsible stewards of the planet, we must press forward on deeper
atmospheric and oceanic research. But research alone is inadequate. If the
Administration won’t take the legislative initiative, Congress should help to begin
fashioning conservation measures. A bill by Democratic Senator Robert Byrd of West
Virginia, which would offer financial incentives for private industry, is a promising
start. Many see that the country is getting ready to build lots of new power plants to
meet our energy needs. If we are ever going to protect the atmosphere, it is crucial
thatthosenewplantsbeenvironmentallysound.
英语试题 .5. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
26. Anargumentmadebysupportersofsmokingwasthat
[A]therewasnoscientificevidenceofthecorrelationbetweensmokinganddeath.
[B]thenumberofearlydeathsofsmokersinthepastdecadeswasinsignificant.
[C]peoplehadthefreedomtochoosetheirownwayoflife.
[D]antismokingpeoplewereusuallytalkingnonsense.
27.AccordingtoBruceAlberts,sciencecanserveas
[A]aprotector.
[B]ajudge.
[C]acritic.
[D]aguide.
28.Whatdoestheauthormeanby“paralysisbyanalysis”(Lastline,Paragraph4)?
[A]Endlessstudieskillaction.
[B]Carefulinvestigationrevealstruth.
[C]Prudentplanninghindersprogress.
[D]Extensiveresearchhelpsdecision-making.
29. Accordingtotheauthor,whatshouldtheAdministrationdoaboutglobalwarming?
[A]Offeraidtobuildcleanerpowerplants.
[B]Raisepublicawarenessofconservation.
[C]Pressfor furtherscientificresearch.
[D]Takesomelegislativemeasures.
30.Theauthorassociatestheissueofglobalwarmingwiththatofsmokingbecause
[A]theybothsufferedfromthegovernment’snegligence.
[B]alessonfromthelatterisapplicabletotheformer.
[C]theoutcomeofthelatteraggravatestheformer.
[D]bothofthemhaveturnedfrombadtoworse.
英语试题 .6. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text3
Of all thecomponents of a good night’s sleep, dreams seem to be least within our
control. In dreams, a window opens into a world where logic is suspended and dead
people speak. A century ago, Freud formulated his revolutionary theory that dreams
were the disguised shadows of our unconscious desires and fears; by the late 1970s,
neurologists had switched to thinking of them as just “mental noise” – the random
byproducts of the neural-repair work that goes on during sleep. Now researchers
suspect that dreams are part of the mind’s emotional thermostat, regulating moods
while the brain is “off-line.” And one leading authority says that these intensely
powerful mental events can be not only harnessed but actually brought under
conscious control, to help us sleep and feel better. “It’s your dream,” says Rosalind
Cartwright, chair of psychology at Chicago’s Medical Center. “If you don’t like it,
changeit.”
Evidence from brain imaging supports this view. The brain is as active during
REM (rapid eye movement) sleep – when most vivid dreams occur – as it is when
fully awake, says Dr. Eric Nofzinger at the University of Pittsburgh. But not all parts
of the brain are equally involved; the limbic system (the “emotional brain”) is
especially active, while the prefrontal cortex (the center of intellect and reasoning) is
relatively quiet. “We wake up from dreams happy or depressed, and those feelings
canstaywithusallday.”saysStanfordsleepresearcherDr.WilliamDement.
The link between dreams and emotions shows up among the patients in
Cartwright’s clinic. Most people seem to have more bad dreams early in the night,
progressing toward happier ones before awakening, suggesting that they are working
through negative feelings generated during the day. Because our conscious mind is
occupied with daily life we don’t always think aboutthe emotional significance of the
day’sevents–until,itappears,webegintodream.
And this process need not be left to the unconscious. Cartwright believes one can
exercise conscious control over recurring bad dreams. As soon as you awaken,
identify what is upsetting about the dream. Visualize how you would like it to end
instead; the next time it occurs, try to wake up just enough to control its course. With
muchpracticepeoplecanlearnto,literally,doitintheirsleep.
At theend of the day, there’s probably littlereason to pay attention to our dreams
at all unless they keep us from sleeping or “we wake up in a panic,” Cartwright says.
Terrorism, economic uncertainties and general feelings of insecurity have increased
people’s anxiety. Those suffering from persistent nightmares should seek help from a
therapist. For the rest of us, the brain has its ways of working through bad feelings.
Sleep–orratherdream–onitandyou’llfeelbetterinthemorning.
英语试题 .7. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
31.Researchershavecometobelievethatdreams
[A]canbemodifiedintheircourses.
[B]aresusceptibletoemotionalchanges.
[C]reflectourinnermostdesiresandfears.
[D]arearandomoutcomeofneuralrepairs.
32.Byreferringtothelimbicsystem,theauthorintendstoshow
[A]itsfunctioninourdreams.
[B]themechanismofREMsleep.
[C]therelationofdreamstoemotions.
[D]itsdifferencefromtheprefrontalcortex.
33.Thenegativefeelingsgeneratedduringthedaytendto
[A]aggravateinourunconsciousmind.
[B]developintohappydreams.
[C]persisttillthetimewefallasleep.
[D]showupindreamsearlyatnight.
34.Cartwrightseemstosuggestthat
[A]wakingupintimeisessentialtotheriddingof baddreams.
[B]visualizingbaddreamshelpsbringthemundercontrol.
[C]dreamsshouldbelefttotheirnaturalprogression.
[D]dreamingmaynotentirelybelongtotheunconscious.
35.WhatadvicemightCartwrightgivetothosewhosometimeshavebaddreams?
[A]Leadyour lifeasusual.
[B]Seekprofessionalhelp.
[C]Exerciseconsciouscontrol.
[D]Avoidanxietyinthedaytime.
英语试题 .8. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Text4
Americans no longer expect public figures, whether in speech or in writing, to
command the English language with skill and gift. Nor do they aspire to such
command themselves. In his latest book, Doing Our Own Thing: The Degradation of
Languageand Music and Why We Should Like, Care, John McWhorter, a linguist and
controversialist of mixed liberal and conservative views, sees the triumph of 1960s
counter-cultureasresponsiblefor thedeclineofformalEnglish.
Blaming the permissive 1960s is nothing new,but thisis not yet another criticism
against the decline in education. Mr. McWhorter’s academic speciality is language
history and change, and he sees the gradual disappearance of “whom”, for example,
tobenaturalandnomoreregrettablethanthelossofthecase-endingsofOldEnglish.
But the cult of the authentic and the personal, “doing our own thing”, has spelt
the death of formal speech, writing, poetry and music. While even the modestly
educated sought an elevated tone when they put pen to paper before the 1960s, even
the most well regarded writing since then hassought to capture spoken English on the
page. Equally, in poetry, the highly personal, performative genre is the only form that
could claim real liveliness. In both oral and written English, talking is triumphing
overspeaking,spontaneityovercraft.
Illustratedwith an entertaining array of examplesfrom both high and lowculture,
the trend that Mr. McWhorter documents is unmistakable. But it is less clear, to take
the question of his subtitle, why we should, like, care. As a linguist, he acknowledges
that all varieties of human language, including non-standard ones like Black English,
can be powerfully expressive – there exists no language or dialect in the world that
cannot convey complex ideas. He is not arguing, as many do, that we can no longer
thinkstraightbecausewedonottalkproper.
Russians have a deep love for their own language and carry large chunks of
memorized poetry in their heads, while Italian politicians tend to elaborate speech
that would seem old-fashioned to most English-speakers. Mr. McWhorter
acknowledges that formal language is not strictly necessary, and proposes no radical
education reforms – he is really grieving over the loss of something beautiful more
than useful. We now take our English “on paper plates instead of china”. A shame,
perhaps,butprobablyaninevitableone.
英语试题 .9. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
36.AccordingtoMcWhorter,thedeclineofformalEnglish
[A]isinevitableinradicaleducationreforms.
[B]isbutalltoonaturalinlanguagedevelopment.
[C]hascausedthecontroversy overthecounter-culture.
[D]broughtaboutchangesinpublicattitudesinthe1960s.
37.Theword“talking”(Line6,Paragraph3)denotes
[A]modesty.
[B]personality.
[C]liveliness.
[D]informality.
38. TowhichofthefollowingstatementswouldMcWhortermostlikelyagree?
[A]Logicalthinkingisnotnecessarilyrelatedtothewaywetalk.
[B]BlackEnglishcanbemoreexpressive thanstandardEnglish.
[C]Non-standardvarietiesofhumanlanguagearejustasentertaining.
[D]Ofallthevarieties,standardEnglishcanbestconveycomplexideas.
39. ThedescriptionofRussians’loveofmemorizingpoetryshowstheauthor’s
[A]interestintheirlanguage.
[B]appreciationoftheirefforts.
[C]admirationfor theirmemory.
[D]contemptfor theirold-fashionedness.
40. Accordingtothelastparagraph,“paperplates”isto“china”as
[A]“temporary”isto“permanent”.
[B]“radical”isto“conservative”.
[C]“functional”isto“artistic”.
[D]“humble”isto“noble”.
英语试题 .10. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
In the following text, some sentences have been removed. For Questions 41-45,
choosethe most suitable one from the list A-G to fit into each of thenumbered blanks.
There are two extra choices, which do not fit in any of the gaps. Mark your answers
onANSWER SHEET1.(10points)
Canada’s premiers (the leaders of provincial governments), if they have any
breath left after complaining about Ottawa at their late July annual meeting, might
spareamomenttodosomething, together,toreducehealth-carecosts.
They’re all groaning about soaring health budgets, the fastest-growing
componentofwhicharepharmaceuticalcosts.
(41)
What to do? Both the Romanow commission and the Kirby committee on health
care – to say nothing of reports from other experts – recommended the creation of a
national drug agency. Instead of each province having its own list of approved drugs,
bureaucracy, procedures and limited bargaining power, all would pool resources,
workwithOttawa,andcreateanationalinstitution.
(42)
But “national” doesn’t have to mean that. “National” could mean
interprovincial–provincescombiningeffortstocreateonebody.
Either way, one benefit of a “national” organization would be to negotiate better
prices, if possible, with drug manufacturers. Instead of having one province – or a
series of hospitals within a province – negotiate a price for a given drug on the
provinciallist,thenationalagencywouldnegotiateonbehalfofallprovinces.
Rather than, say, Quebec, negotiating on behalf of seven million people, the
national agency would negotiate on behalf of 31 million people. Basic economics
suggeststhegreaterthepotentialconsumers,thehigherthelikelihoodofabetterprice.
(43)
Asmall stephasbeen takeninthedirectionof anationalagencywiththecreation
of the Canadian Co-ordinating Office for Health Technology Assessment, funded by
Ottawa and the provinces. Under it, a Common Drug Review recommends to
provincial lists which new drugs should be included. Predictably, and regrettably,
Quebecrefusedtojoin.
A few premiers are suspicious of any federal-provincial deal-making. They
(particularly Quebec and Alberta) just want Ottawa to fork over additional billions
with few, if any, strings attached. That’s one reason why the idea of a national list
hasn’tgoneanywhere,whiledrugcostskeeprisingfast.
英语试题 .11. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
(44)
Premiers love to quote Mr. Romanow’s report selectively, especially the parts
aboutmorefederalmoney. Perhapstheyshouldreadwhathehadtosayaboutdrugs：
“A national drug agency would provide governments more influence on
pharmaceutical companies in order to try to constrain the ever-increasing cost of
drugs.”
(45)
So when the premiers gather in Niagara Falls to assemble their usual complaint
list, they should also get cracking about something in their jurisdiction that would
helptheirbudgetsandpatients.
[A] Quebec’sresistanceto a nationalagency is provincialist ideology. One of the first
advocates for a national list was a researcher at Laval University. Quebec’s Drug
Insurance Fund has seen its costs skyrocket with annual increases from 14.3 per
centto26.8percent!
[B] Or they could read Mr. Kirby’s report: “The substantial buying power of
such an agency would strengthen the public prescription-drug insurance plans to
negotiatethelowestpossiblepurchasepricesfrom drugcompanies.”
[C] What does “national” mean? Roy Romanow and Senator Michael Kirby
recommended a federal-provincial body much like the recently created National
HealthCouncil.
[D] The problem is simple and stark: health-care costs have been, are, and will
continuetoincreasefasterthangovernmentrevenues.
[E] According to the Canadian Institute for Health Information, prescription drug
costs have risen since 1997 at twice the rate of overall health-care spending. Part
of the increase comes from drugs being used to replace other kinds of treatments.
Part of it arises from new drugs costing more than older kinds. Part of it is higher
prices.
[F] So, if the provinces want to run the health-care show,they should prove they can
run it, starting with an interprovincial health list that would end duplication, save
administrativecosts,preventoneprovincefrom beingplayed off against another,
andbargainfor betterdrugprices.
[G] Ofcourse,thepharmaceuticalcompanieswillscream.Theylikedividedbuyers;
theycanlobbybetterthatway.Theycanusethethreatofremovingjobsfrom
oneprovincetoanother.Theycanhopethat,ifoneprovinceincludesadrugon
itslist,thepressurewillcauseotherstoincludeitontheirs.Theywouldn’tlikea
nationalagency,butself-interestwouldleadthemtodealwith it.
英语试题 .12. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
PartC
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into
Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10
points)
It is not easy to talk about the role of the mass media in this overwhelmingly
significant phase in European history. History and news become confused, and one’s
impressions tend to be a mixture of skepticism and optimism. (46) Television is one
of the means by which these feelings are created and conveyed – and perhaps never
before has it served so much to connect different peoples and nations as in the recent
events in Europe. The Europe that is now forming cannot be anything other than its
peoples, their cultures and national identities. With this in mind we can begin to
analyze the European television scene. (47) In Europe, as elsewhere, multi-media
groups have been increasingly successful; groups which bring together television,
radio, newspapers, magazines and publishing houses that work in relation to one
another. One Italian example would be the Berlusconi group, while abroad Maxwell
andMurdochcometomind.
Clearly, only the biggest and most flexible television companies are going to be
able to compete in such a rich and hotly-contested market. (48) This alone
demonstrates that the television business is not an easy world to survive in, a fact
underlined by statistics that show that out of eighty European television networks, no
lessthan50%tookalossin1989.
Moreover, the integration of the European community will oblige television
companiestocooperatemorecloselyintermsofbothproductionanddistribution.
(49) Creating a “European identity” that respects the different cultures and
traditions which go to make up the connecting fabric of the Old Continent is no easy
task and demands a strategic choice – that of producing programs in Europe for
Europe. This entails reducing our dependence on the North American market, whose
programsrelatetoexperiencesandculturaltraditionswhicharedifferentfromourown.
In order to achieve these objectives, we must concentratemoreon co-productions,
the exchange of news, documentary services and training. This also involves the
agreements between European countries for the creation of a European bank for
Television Production which, on the model of the European Investments Bank, will
handle the finances necessary for production costs. (50) In dealing with a challenge
on such a scale, it is no exaggeration to say, “United we stand, divided we
fall” – and if I had to choose a slogan it would be “Unity in our diversity.” A unity of
objectivesthatnonethelessrespectthevariedpeculiaritiesofeachcountry.
英语试题 .13. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn
Section III Writing
PartA
51.Directions:
Twomonthsago you got ajob asaneditorfor themagazine Designs& Fashions.
But now you find that the work is not what you expected. You decide to quit. Write a
letter to your boss, Mr. Wang, telling him your decision, stating your reason(s), and
makinganapology.
Write your letter with no less than 100 words. Write it neatly on ANSWER
SHEET 2. Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter; use “Li Ming” instead.
Youdonotneedtowritetheaddress.(10points)
PartB
52.Directions:
Writeanessay of 160– 200words based on thefollowingdrawing. In your essay,
you should first describe the drawing, then interpret its meaning, and give your
commentonit.
YoushouldwriteneatlyonANSWER SHEET2.(20points)
英语试题 .14. （共14页）
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2004年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2004.pdf)
2004 年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Section I Useof English
Directions：
Readthefollowingtext.Choosethebestword(s)foreachnumberedblankandmarkA,B,CorDonANSWERSHEET
1.(10points)
Many theories concerning the causes of juvenile delinquency (crimes committed by young people) focus either on the
individualoronsocietyasthemajorcontributinginfluence.Theories 1 ontheindividualsuggestthatchildrenengagein
criminal behavior 2 they were not sufficiently penalized for previous misdeeds or that they have learned criminal
behaviorthrough 3 withothers.Theoriesfocusingontheroleofsocietysuggestthatchildrencommitcrimesin 4
totheirfailuretoriseabovetheirsocioeconomicstatus, 5 asarejectionofmiddle-classvalues.
Most theories of juvenile delinquency have focused on children from disadvantaged families, _ 6 the fact that
childrenfromwealthyhomesalsocommitcrimes.Thelattermaycommitcrimes 7 lackofadequateparentalcontrol.
Alltheories,however,aretentativeandare 8 tocriticism.
Changesinthesocialstructuremayindirectly 9 juvenilecrimerates.Forexample,changesintheeconomythat
10 to fewer job opportunities for youth and rising unemployment 11 make gainful employment increasingly
difficulttoobtain.Theresultingdiscontentmayin 12 leadmoreyouthsintocriminalbehavior.
Families have also 13 changes these years. More families consist of one-parent households or two working
parents; 14 ，children are likely to have less supervision at home 15 was common in the traditional family
16 . This lack of parental supervision is thought to be an influence on juvenile crime rates. Other __17_ causes of
offensiveactsincludefrustrationorfailureinschool,theincreased__18_ofdrugsandalcohol,andthegrowing 19 of
child abuse and child neglect. All these conditions tend to increase the probability of a child committing a criminal act,
20 adirectcausalrelationshiphasnotyetbeenestablished.
1.[A]acting [B]relying [C]centering [D]commenting
2.[A]before [B]unless [C]until [D]because
3.[A]interaction [B]assimilation [C]cooperation [D]consultation
4.[A]return [B]reply [C]reference [D]response
5.[A]or [B]butrather [C]but [D]orelse
6.[A]considering [B]ignoring [C]highlighting [D]discarding
7.[A]on [B]in [C]for [D]with
8.[A]immune [B]resistant [C]sensitive [D]subject
9.[A]affect [B]reduce [C]chock [D]reflect
10.[A]point [B]lead [C]come [D]amount
11.[A]ingeneral [B]onaverage [C]bycontrast [D]atlength
12.[A]case [B]short [C]turn [D]essence
13.[A]survived [B]noticed [C]undertaken [D]experienced
14.[A]contrarily [B]consequently [C]similarly [D]simultaneously
15.[A]than [B]that [C]which [D]as
16.[A]system [B]structure [C]concept [D]heritage
17.[A]assessable [B]identifiable [C]negligible [D]incredible
18.[A]expense [B]restriction [C]allocation [D]availability
19.[A]incidence [B]awareness [C]exposure [D]popularity
20.[A]provided [B]since [C]although [D]supposing
pastpapers.cn
SectionII ReadingComprehension
PartA
Directions:
Read the following four texts.Answerthe questions below each text by choosing [A], [B], [C] or[D]. Mark your
answersonANSWERSHEET1.(40points)
Text1
Huntingfor ajoblate lastyear,lawyer GantRedmonstumbledacross CareerBuilder,ajobdatabaseontheInternet.He
searcheditwith nosuccessbutwas attractedbythesite’s“personalsearchagent”.It’saninteractivefeaturethatlets visitors
key in job criteria such as location, title, and salary, then E-mails them when a matching position is posted in the database.
Redmonchosethekeywordslegal,intellectualpropertyandWashington,D.C.Threeweekslater,hegothisfirstnotification
of an opening. “I struck gold,” says Redmon, who E-mailed his resume to the employer and won a position as in-house
counselforacompany.
With thousands of career-related sites on the Internet, finding promising openings can he time-consuming and
inefficient. Search agents reduce the need for repeated visits to the databases. But although a search agent worked for
Redmon, career experts see drawbacks. Narrowing your criteria, for example, may work against you: “Every time you
answeraquestionyoueliminateapossibility,”saysoneexpert.
Foranyjobsearch,youshouldstartwithanarrowconcept—whatyouthinkyouwanttodo—thenbroadenit.“Noneof
these programs do that,” says another expert. “There’s nocareer counseling implicit in all of this.” Instead, the beststrategy
is touse theagentasakindoftip service tokeep abreastofjobs ina particulardatabase;whenyou getE-mail, considerita
reminder to check the database again. “I would not rely on agents for finding everything that is added to a database that
mightinterestme,”saystheauthorofajob-searchingguide.
Somesitesdesign theiragentstotemptjobhunterstoreturn.WhenCareerSite’sagentsendsoutmessagestothosewho
have signed up for its service, for example, it includes only three potential jobs—those it considers the best matches. There
may be more matches in the database; job hunters will have to visit the site again to find them—and they do. “On the day
after we send our messages, we see a sharp increase in our traffic,” says Seth Peets, vice president of marketing for
CareerSite.
Eventhosewhoaren’thuntingforjobsmayfindsearchagentsworthwhile.Someusethemtokeepaclosewatchonthe
demand for their line of work or gather information on compensation to arm themselves when negotiating for a raise.
Although happily employed, Redmon maintains his agent at CareerBuilder. “You always keep your eyes open,” he says.
Workingwithapersonalsearchagentmeanshavinganothersetofeyeslookingoutforyou.
21.HowdidRedmonfindhisjob?
[A]Bysearchingopeningsinajobdatabase. [B]Bypostingamatchingpositioninadatabase.
[C]Byusingaspecialserviceofadatabase. [D]ByE-mailinghisresumetoadatabase.
22.Whichofthefollowingcanbeadisadvantageofsearchagents?
[A]Lackofcounseling. [B]Limitednumberofvisits.
[C]Lowerefficiency. [D]Fewersuccessfulmatches.
23.Theexpression“tipservice”(Line4,Paragraph3)mostprobablymeans .
[A]advisory. [B]compensation.
[C]interaction. [D]reminder.
24.WhydoesCareerSite’sagentoffereachjobhunteronlythreejoboptions?
[A]Tofocusonbetterjobmatches. [B]Toattractmorereturningvisits.
[C]Toreservespaceformoremessages. [D]Toincreasetherateofsuccess.
25.Whichofthefollowingistrueaccordingtothetext?
[A]Personalsearchagentsareindispensabletojob-hunters.
[B]SomesiteskeepE-mailingjobseekerstotracetheirdemands.
[C]Personalsearchagentsarealsohelpfultothosealreadyemployed.
[D]Someagentsstopsendinginformationtopeopleoncetheyareemployed.
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Over the past century, all kinds of unfairness and discrimination have been condemned or made illegal. But one
insidious form continues to thrive: alphabetism. This, for those as yet unaware of such a disadvantage, refers to
discriminationagainstthosewhosesurnamesbeginwithaletterinthelowerhalfofthealphabet.
Ithaslongbeenknown thatataxi firm calledAAAAcarshasa bigadvantage over Zodiac carswhen customers thumb
through their phone directories. Less well known is the advantage thatAdamAbbott has in life over Zoë Zysman. English
names are fairly evenly spread between the halves of the alphabet. Yet a suspiciously large number of top people have
surnamesbeginningwithlettersbetweenAandK.
Thus the American president and vice-president have surnames starting with B and C respectively; and 26 of George
Bush’s predecessors (including his father) had surnames in the first half of the alphabet against just 16 in the second half.
Evenmorestriking,sixofthesevenheadsofgovernmentoftheG7richcountriesarealphabeticallyadvantaged(Berlusconi,
Blair,Bush, Chirac, Chrétien andKoizumi).The world’s three topcentralbankers (Greenspan,Duisenbergand Hayami) are
all close to the top of the alphabet, even if one of them really uses Japanese characters.As are the world's five richest men
(Gates,Buffett,Allen,EllisonandAlbrecht).
Can this merely be coincidence? One theory, dreamt up in all the spare time enjoyed by the alphabetically
disadvantaged, is that the rot sets in early.At the start of the first year in infant school, teachers seat pupils alphabetically
from the front,to make it easierto remember their names. So short-sighted Zysman junior gets stuck in thebackrow,andis
rarely asked the improving questions posed by those insensitive teachers.At the time the alphabetically disadvantaged may
think they have had a lucky escape.Yetthe result may be worse qualifications, becausethey get less individualattention, as
wellaslessconfidenceinspeakingpublicly.
Thehumiliationcontinues.Atuniversitygraduationceremonies,theABCsproudlygettheirawardsfirst;bythetime
theyreachtheZysmansmostpeopleareliterallyhavingaZZZ.Shortlistsforjobinterviews,electionballotpapers,listsof
conferencespeakersandattendees:alltendtobedrawnupalphabetically,andtheirrecipientsloseinterestastheyplough
throughthem.
26.WhatdoestheauthorintendtoillustratewithAAAAcarsandZodiaccars?
[A]Akindofoverlookedinequality. [B]Atypeofconspicuousbias.
[C]Atypeofpersonalprejudice. [D]Akindofbranddiscrimination.
27.Whatcanweinferfromthefirstthreeparagraphs?
[A]InbothEastandWest,namesareessentialtosuccess.
[B]ThealphabetistoblameforthefailureofZoëZysman.
[C]Customersoftenpayalotofattentiontocompanies’names.
[D]Someformofdiscriminationistoosubtletorecognize.
28.The4thparagraphsuggeststhat .
[A]questionsareoftenputtothemoreintelligentstudents
[B]alphabeticallydisadvantagedstudentsoftenescapefromclass
[C]teachersshouldpayattentiontoalloftheirstudents
[D]studentsshouldbeseatedaccordingtotheireyesight
29.Whatdoestheauthormeanby“mostpeopleareliterallyhavingaZZZ”(Lines2-3,Paragraph5)?
[A]Theyaregettingimpatient. [B]Theyarenoisilydozingoff.
[C]Theyarefeelinghumiliated. [D]Theyarebusywithwordpuzzles.
30. Whichofthefollowingistrueaccordingtothetext?
[A]PeoplewithsurnamesbeginningwithNtoZareoftenill-treated.
[B]VIPsintheWesternworldgainagreatdealfromalphabetism.
[C]Thecampaigntoeliminatealphabetismstillhasalongwaytogo.
[D]Puttingthingsalphabeticallymayleadtounintentionalbias.
pastpapers.cn
Text3
When it comes to the slowing economy, Ellen Spero isn't biting her nails just yet. But the 47-year-old manicurist isn't
cutting, filing or polishingasmany nails as she'd like to, either.Mostof herclients spend$12to $50weekly,butlastmonth
two longtime customers suddenly stopped showing up. Spero blames the softening economy. “I'm a good economic
indicator,” she says. “I provide a service that people can do without when they're concerned aboutsaving some dollars.” So
Spero is downscaling, shopping at middle-brow Dillard's department store near her suburban Cleveland home, instead of
NeimanMarcus.“Idon'tknowifotherclientsaregoingtoabandonme,too,”shesays.
Even beforeAlan Greenspan's admission thatAmerica's red-hot economy is cooling, lots of working folks had already
seensignsoftheslowdownthemselves.FromcardealershipstoGapoutlets,saleshavebeenlaggingformonthsasshoppers
temper their spending. For retailers, who lastyear took in 24 percentof their revenue betweenThanksgiving andChristmas,
the cautious approach is coming at a crucial time.Already,experts say, holiday sales are off 7 percent from last year's pace.
But don't sound any alarms just yet. Consumers seem only mildly concerned, not panicked, and many say they remain
optimisticabouttheeconomy'slong-termprospectsevenastheydosomemodestbelt-tightening.
Consumers say they're not in despair because, despite the dreadful headlines, their own fortunes still feel pretty good.
Home prices are holding steady in most regions. In Manhattan, “there's a new gold rush happening in the $4 million to $10
million range, predominantly fed by Wall Street bonuses,” says broker Barbara Corcoran. In San Francisco, prices are still
rising even as frenzied overbidding quiets. “Instead of 20 to 30 offers, now maybe you only get two or three," says John
Tealdi,aBayAreareal-estatebroker.Andmostfolksstillfeelprettycomfortableabouttheirabilitytofindandkeepajob.
Many folks see silver linings to this slowdown. Potential home buyers would cheer for lower interest rates. Employers
wouldn't mind a little fewer bubbles in the job market. Many consumers seem to have been influenced by stock-market
swings, which investors now view as a necessaryingredient to a sustainedboom. Diners might see an upside,too. Getting a
table at Manhattan's hotnewAlain Ducasse restaurantused to be impossible. Not anymore. For that, Greenspan & Co. may
stillbeworthtoasting.
31.By“EllenSperoisn’tbitinghernailsjustyet”(Line1,Paragraph1),theauthormeans_____.
[A]Sperocanhardlymaintainherbusiness. [B]Speroistoomuchengagedinherwork.
[C]Sperohasgrownoutofherbadhabit. [D]Speroisnotinadesperatesituation.
32.Howdothepublicfeelaboutthecurrenteconomicsituation?
[A]Optimistic. [B]Confused. [C]Carefree. [D]Panicked.
33.Whenmentioning“the$4millionto$10millionrange”(Lines3,Paragraph3),theauthoristalkingabout_______
[A]goldmarket.[B]realestate. [C]stockexchange. [D]ventureinvestment.
34.Whycanmanypeoplesee“silverlinings”totheeconomicslowdown?
[A]Theywouldbenefitincertainways. [B]Thestockmarketshowssignsofrecovery.
[C]Suchaslowdownusuallyprecedesaboom. [D]Thepurchasingpowerwouldbeenhanced.
35.Towhichofthefollowingistheauthorlikelytoagree?
[A]Anewboom,onthehorizon. [B]Tightenthebelt,thesingleremedy.
[C]Cautionallright,panicnot. [D]Themoreventures,themorechances.
Text4
Americans today don't place a very high value on intellect. Our heroes are athletes, entertainers, and entrepreneurs, not
scholars. Even our schools are where we send our children to get a practical education—not to pursue knowledge for the
sakeofknowledge.Symptomsofpervasiveanti-intellectualisminourschoolsaren'tdifficulttofind.
“Schoolshavealwaysbeeninasocietywherepracticalismoreimportantthanintellectual,”sayseducationwriterDiane
Ravitch. “Schools could be a counterbalance.” Ravitch's latest book. Left Back:A Century of Failed School Reforms, traces
the roots of anti-intellectualism in our schools, concluding they are anything but a counterbalance to theAmerican distaste
forintellectualpursuits.
pastpapers.cn
Buttheycouldandshouldbe.Encouragingkidstorejectthelifeofthemindleavesthemvulnerabletoexploitationand
control. Without the ability to think critically, to defend their ideas and understand the ideas of others, they cannot fully
participate in our democracy. Continuing along this path, says writer Earl Shorris, “We will become a second-rate country.
Wewillhavealesscivilsociety.”
“Intellect is resented as a form of power or privilege,” writes historian and professor Richard Hofstadter in
Anti-intellectualism in American Life, a Pulitzer-Prize winning book on the roots of anti-intellectualism in US politics,
religion,andeducation.Fromthebeginningofourhistory,saysHofstadter,ourdemocraticandpopulisturgeshavedrivenus
torejectanythingthatsmellsofelitism.Practicality,commonsense,andnativeintelligencehavebeenconsideredmorenoble
qualitiesthananythingyoucouldlearnfromabook.
Ralph Waldo Emerson and other Transcendentalist philosophers thought schooling and rigorous book learning put
unnaturalrestraints on children: “Weare shut up in schools and college recitation rooms for 10 or 15 years and come outat
last with a bellyful of words and do not know a thing.”Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn exemplified American
anti-intellectualism. Its hero avoids being civilized—going to school and learning to read—so he can preserve his innate
goodness.
Intellect, according to Hofstadter, is different from native intelligence, a quality we reluctantly admire. Intellect is the
critical, creative, and contemplative side of the mind. Intelligence seeks to grasp, manipulate, re-order, and adjust, while
intellectexamines,ponders,wonders,theorizes,criticizes,andimagines.
Schoolremains aplace where intellectis mistrusted. Hofstadter says our country's educational system is in the grips of
people who “joyfully and militantly proclaim their hostility to intellect and their eagerness to identify with children who
showtheleastintellectualpromise.”
36.WhatdoAmericanparentsexpecttheirchildrentoacquireinschool?
[A]Thehabitofthinkingindependently. [B]Profoundknowledgeoftheworld.
[C]Practicalabilitiesforfuturecareer. [D]Theconfidenceinintellectualpursuits.
37.WecanlearnfromthetextthatAmericanshaveahistoryof________.
[A]undervaluingintellect. [B]favoringintellectualism.
[C]supportingschoolreform. [D]suppressingnativeintelligence.
38.TheviewsofRavitehandEmersononschoolingare______.
[A]identical. [B]similar. [C]complementary. [D]opposite.
39.Emerson,accordingtothetext,isprobably_________.
[A]apioneerofeducationreform. [B]anopponentofintellectualism.
[C]ascholarinfavorofintellect. [D]anadvocateofregularschooling.
40.Whatdoestheauthorthinkofintellect?
[A]Itissecondtointelligence. [B]Itevolvesfromcommonsense.
[C]Itistobepursued. [D]Itunderliespower
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation
shouldbewrittenclearlyonANSWERSHEET2.(10points)
The relation of language and mind has interested philosophers for many centuries. (41) The Greeks assumed that the
structure of language had some connection with the process of thought, which took root in Europe long before people
realizedhowdiverselanguagescouldbe.
Only recently did linguists begin the serious study of languages that were very different from their own. Two
anthropologist-linguists, Franz Boas and Edward Sapir, were pioneers in describing many native languages of North and
SouthAmerica during the first half of the twentieth century. (42) We are obliged to them because some of these languages
pastpapers.cn
have since vanished, as the peoples who spoke them died out or became assimilated and lost their native languages. Other
linguists in the earlier part of this century, however, who were less eager to deal with bizarre data from “exotic” language,
were not always so grateful. (43) The newly described languages were often so strikingly different from the well studied
languages of Europe and Southeast Asia that some scholars even accused Boas and Sapir of fabricating their data. Native
American languages are indeed different, so much so in fact that Navajo could be used by the US military as a code during
WorldWarIItosendsecretmessages.
Sapir’s pupil, Benjamin Lee Whorf, continued the study of American Indian languages. (44) Being interested in the
relationship of language and thought, Whorf developed the idea that the structure of language determines the structure of
habitual thought in a society. He reasoned that because it is easier to formulate certain concepts and not others in a given
language, the speakers of thatlanguage think alongonetrack and notalonganother.(45)Whorf came to believe in a sortof
linguistic determinism which, in its strongest form, states that language imprisons the mind, and that the grammatical
patterns in a language can produce far-reaching consequences for the culture of a society. Later, this idea became to be
known as the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis, butthis term is somewhat inappropriate.Although both Sapir andWhorf emphasized
thediversityoflanguages,Sapirhimselfneverexplicitlysupportedthenotionoflinguisticdeterminism.
SectionIII Writing
46.Directions：
Studythefollowingdrawingcarefullyandwriteanessayinwhichyoushould
1.describethedrawing，
2.interpretitsmeaning,and
3.supportyourviewwithexamples.
Youshouldwriteabout200wordsneatlyonANSWERSHEET2(20points)
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2003年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2003.pdf)
2003 年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Section I Use of English
Directions：
Readthefollowingtext.Choosethebestword(s)foreachnumberedblankandmarkA,B,CORDonANSWER
SHEET1.(10points)
Teachers need to be aware of the emotional, intellectual, and physical changes that young adults experience.And they
also need to give serious 1 to how they can best 2 such changes. Growing bodies need movement and 3 ,
but not just in ways that emphasize competition. 4 they are adjusting to their new bodies and a whole host of new
intellectual and emotional challenges, teenagers are especially self-conscious and need the 5 that comes from
achieving success and knowing that their accomplishments are 6 by others. However, the typical teenage lifestyle is
already filled with so much competition that it would be 7 to plan activities in which there are more winners than
losers, 8 ，publishing newsletters with many student-written book reviews, 9 student artwork, and sponsoring book
discussion clubs. A variety of small clubs can provide 10 opportunities for leadership, as well as for practice in
successful 11 dynamics. Making friends is extremely important to teenagers, andmany shystudents needthe 12 of
somekindoforganizationwithasupportiveadult 13 visibleinthebackground.
In these activities, itis importantto remember that theyoung teenshave 14 attention spans.Avariety of activities
should be organized 15 participants can remain active as long as they want and then go on to 16 else without
feeling guilty andwithoutletting theother participants 17 .This doesnotmeanthatadults must acceptirresponsibility.
18 they can help students acquire a sense of commitment by 19 for roles that are within their 20 and their
attentionspansandbyhavingclearlystatedrules.
1.[A]thought [B]idea [C]opinion [D]advice
2.[A]strengthen [B]accommodate [C]stimulate [D]enhance
3.[A]care [B]nutrition [C]exercise [D]leisure
4.[A]If [B]Although [C]Whereas [D]Because
5.[A]assistance [B]guidance [C]confidence [D]tolerance
6.[A]claimed [B]admired [C]ignored [D]surpassed
7.[A]improper [B]risky [C]fair [D]wise
8.[A]ineffect [B]asaresult [C]forexample [D]inasense
9.[A]displaying [B]describing [C]creating [D]exchanging
10.[A]durable [B]excessive [C]surplus [D]multiple
11.[A]group [B]individual [C]personnel [D]corporation
12.[A]consent [B]insurance [C]admission [D]security
13.[A]particularly [B]barely [C]definitely [D]rarely
14.[A]similar [B]long [C]different [D]short
15.[A]ifonly [B]nowthat [C]sothat [D]evenif
16.[A]everything [B]anything [C]nothing [D]something
17.[A]off [B]down [C]out [D]alone
18.[A]Onthecontrary [B]Ontheaverage [C]Onthewhole [D]Ontheotherhand
19.[A]making [B]standing [C]planning [D]taking
20.[A]capability [B]responsibility [C]proficiency [D]efficiency
pastpapers.cn
SectionII ReadingComprehension
PartA Directions:
Readthefollowingfourtexts.Answerthequestionsbeloweachtextbychoosing[A],[B],[C]or[D].Markyour
answersonANSWERSHEET1.(40points)
Text1
Wild Bill Donovan would have loved the Inter net.TheAmerican spymaster who built the Office of Strategic Services
in the World War Ⅱ and later laid the roots for the CIA was fascinated with information. Donovan believed in using
whatever tools came to hand in the “great game” of espionage—spying as a “profession.” These days the Net, which has
alreadyre-madesucheverydaypastimesasbuyingbooksandsendingmail,isreshapingDonovan’svocationaswell.
The latest revolution isn’t simply a matter of gentlemen reading other gentlemen’s e-mail. That kind of electronic
spying has been going on for decades. In the past three or four years, the World Wide Web has given birth to a whole
industry of point-and-click spying. The spooks call it “open source intelligence,” and as the Net grows, it is becoming
increasingly influential. In 1995 the CIAheld a contest to see who could compile the most data about Burundi.The winner,
byalargemargin,wasatinyVirginiacompanycalledOpen-SourceSolutions，whoseclearadvantagewasitsmasteryofthe
electronicworld.
Among the firms making the biggest splash in the new world is Straitford, Inc., a private intelligence-analysis firm
based inAustin, Texas. Straitford makes money by selling the results of spying (covering nations from Chile to Russia) to
corporationslikeenergy-servicesfirmMcDermottInternational.Manyofitspredictionsareavailableonlineat.
Straiford president George Friedman says he sees the online world as a kind of mutually reinforcing tool for both
information collection and distribution, a spymaster’s dream. Last week his firm was busy vacuuming up data bits from the
far cornersof the worldand predictinga crisis inUkraine. “As soonasthatreportruns,we’ll suddenly get500 newinternet
sign-ups from Ukraine,” says Friedman, a former political science professor. “And we’ll hear back from some of them.”
Open-source spying does have its risks, of course, since it can be difficult to tell good information from bad. That’s where
Straitfordearnsitskeep.
Friedmanreliesonaleanstaffof20inAustin.Severalofhisstaffmembers havemilitary-intelligencebackgrounds.He
sees the firm’s outsider status as the key to its success. Straitford’s briefs don’t sound like the usual Washington
back-and-forthing, whereby agencies avoid dramatic declarations on the chance they might be wrong. Straitford, says
Friedman,takesprideinitsindependentvoice.
21.TheemergenceoftheNethas .
[A]receivedsupportfromfanslikeDonovan [B]remoldedtheintelligenceservices
[C]restoredmanycommonpastimes [D]revivedspyingasaprofession
22.Donovan’sstoryismentionedinthetextto .
[A]introducethetopicofonlinespying [B]showhowhefoughtfortheUS
[C]giveanepisodeoftheinformationwar [D]honorhisuniqueservicestotheCIA
23.Thephrase“makingthebiggestsplash”(line1,paragraph3)mostprobablymeans .
[A]causingthebiggesttrouble [B]exertingthegreatesteffort
[C]achievingthegreatestsuccess [D]enjoyingthewidestpopularity
24.Itcanbelearnedfromparagraph4that .
[A]straitford’spredictionaboutUkrainehasprovedtrue
[B]straitfordguaranteesthetruthfulnessofitsinformation
[C]straitford’sbusinessischaracterizedbyunpredictability
[D]straitfordisabletoprovidefairlyreliableinformation
pastpapers.cn
25.Straitfordismostproudofits .
[A]officialstatus [B]nonconformistimage
[C]efficientstaff [D]militarybackground
Text2
To paraphrase 18th-century statesman Edmund Burke, “all that is needed for the triumph of a misguided cause is that
good people do nothing.” One such cause now seeks to end biomedical research because of the theory that animals have
rights ruling out their use in research.Scientists need to respond forcefully to animal rights advocates, whose arguments are
confusingthepublicandtherebythreateningadvancesinhealthknowledgeandcare.Leadersoftheanimalrightsmovement
target biomedical research because it depends on public funding, and few people understand the process of health care
research. Hearing allegations of cruelty to animals in research settings, many are perplexed that anyone would deliberately
harmananimal.
For example, a grandmotherly woman staffing an animal rights booth at a recent street fair was distributing a brochure
thatencouragedreadersnottouseanythingthatcomesfromoristestedinanimals—nomeat,nofur,nomedicines.Askedif
she opposed immunizations, she wanted to know if vaccines come from animal research. When assured that they do, she
replied, “Then I would have to say yes.”Asked what will happen when epidemics return, she said, “Don’t worry, scientists
willfindsomewayofusingcomputers.”Suchwell-meaningpeoplejustdon’tunderstand.
Scientistsmustcommunicatetheirmessage tothepublicinacompassionate,understandableway—inhumanterms,not
in the language of molecular biology. We need to make clear the connection between animal research and a grandmother’s
hip replacement, a father’s bypass operation, a baby’s vaccinations, and even a pet’s shots. To those who are unaware that
animal research was needed to produce these treatments, as well as new treatments and vaccines, animal research seems
wastefulatbestandcruelatworst.
Muchcanbedone.Scientistscould“adopt”middleschoolclassesandpresenttheirownresearch.Theyshouldbequick
to respond to letters to the editor, lest animal rights misinformation go unchallenged and acquire a deceptive appearance of
truth. Research institutions could be opened to tours, to show that laboratory animals receive humane care. Finally,because
theultimatestakeholdersarepatients,thehealthresearchcommunityshouldactivelyrecruittoitscausenotonlywell-known
personalities such as Stephen Cooper,who has made courageous statements aboutthe value of animal research, but all who
receive medical treatment. If good people do nothing, there is a real possibility that an uninformed citizenry will extinguish
thepreciousembersofmedicalprogress.
26.TheauthorbeginshisarticlewithEdmundBurke’swordsto .
[A]callonscientiststotakesomeactions [B]criticizethemisguidedcauseofanimalrights
[C]warnofthedoomofbiomedicalresearch [D]showthetriumphoftheanimalrightsmovement
27.Misledpeopletendtothinkthatusingananimalinresearchis .
[A]cruelbutnatural [B]inhumanandunacceptable
[C]inevitablebutvicious [D]pointlessandwasteful
28.Theexampleofthegrandmotherlywomanisusedtoshowthepublic’s .
[A]discontentwithanimalresearch [B]ignoranceaboutmedicalscience
[C]indifferencetoepidemics [D]anxietyaboutanimalrights
29.Theauthorbelievesthat,infaceofthechallengefromanimalrightsadvocates,scientistsshould .
[A]communicatemorewiththepublic [B]employhi-techmeansinresearch
[C]feelnoshamefortheircause [D]strivetodevelopnewcures
30.FromthetextwelearnthatStephenCooperis .
[A]awell-knownhumanist [B]amedicalpractitioner
[C]anenthusiastinanimalrights [D]asupporterofanimalresearch
Text3
In recent years, railroads have been combining with each other, merging into supersystems, causing heightened
concerns about monopoly. As recently as 1995, the top four railroads accounted for under 70 percent of the total ton-miles
moved by rails. Next year, after a series of mergers is completed, just four railroads will control well over 90 percent of all
thefreightmovedbymajorrailcarriers.
pastpapers.cn
Supporters of the new supersystems argue that these mergers will allow for substantial cost reductions and better
coordinated service. Any threat of monopoly, they argue, is removed by fierce competition from trucks. But many shippers
complain thatforheavybulkcommodities travelinglongdistances,suchascoal,chemicals, andgrain,trucking istoocostly
andtherailroadsthereforehavethembythethroat.
Thevastconsolidationwithintherailindustrymeansthatmostshippersareservedbyonlyonerailcompany.Railroads
typically charge such“captive”shippers 20 to 30 percent more than they do when another railroad is competing for the
business. Shippers who feel they are being overcharged have the right to appeal to the federal government's Surface
TransportationBoardforraterelief,buttheprocessisexpensive,timeconsuming,andwillworkonlyintrulyextremecases.
Railroads justify rate discrimination against captive shippers on the grounds that in the long run it reduces everyone's
cost. If railroads charged all customers the same average rate, they argue, shippers who have the option of switching to
trucks orotherformsoftransportationwoulddoso,leavingremainingcustomers toshoulderthecostofkeepinguptheline.
It's theoryto whichmany economists subscribe,butin practiceit oftenleaves railroadsin the positionof determiningwhich
companies willflourish andwhichwill fail.“Dowe reallywantrailroadsto bethearbiters ofwho winsandwholoses inthe
marketplace?”asksMartinBercovici,aWashingtonlawyerwhofrequentlyrepresentsshipper.
Many captive shippers also worry they will soon be hit with a round of huge rate increases. The railroad industry as a
whole, despite its brightening fortuning fortunes, still does not earn enough to cover the cost of the capital it must invest to
keep up with its surging traffic. Yet railroads continue to borrow billions to acquire one another, with Wall Street cheering
them on. Consider the $10.2 billion bid by Norfolk Southern and CSX to acquire Conrail this year. Conrail's net railway
operatingincomein1996wasjust$427million,lessthanhalfofthecarryingcostsofthetransaction.Who'sgoingtopayfor
therestofthebill?Manycaptiveshippersfearthattheywill,asNorfolkSouthernandCSXincreasetheirgriponthemarket.
31.Accordingtothosewhosupportmergers,railwaymonopolyisunlikelybecause .
[A]costreductionisbasedoncompetition. [B]servicescallforcross-tradecoordination.
[C]outsidecompetitorswillcontinuetoexist. [D]shipperswillhavetherailwaybythethroat.
32.Whatismanycaptiveshippers'attitudetowardstheconsolidationintherailindustry?
[A]Indifferent. [B]Supportive. [C]Indignant. [D]Apprehensive.
33.Itcanbeinferredfromparagraph3that .
[A]shipperswillbechargedlesswithoutarivalrailroad.
[B]therewillsoonbeonlyonerailroadcompanynationwide.
[C]overchargedshippersareunlikelytoappealforraterelief.
[D]agovernmentboardensuresfairplayinrailwaybusiness.
34.Theword“arbiters”(line7,paragraph4)mostprobablyreferstothose .
[A]whoworkascoordinators. [B]whofunctionasjudges.
[C]whosupervisetransactions. [D]whodeterminetheprice.
35.Accordingtothetext,thecostincreaseintherailindustryismainlycausedby .
[A]thecontinuingacquisition. [B]thegrowingtraffic.
[C]thecheeringWallStreet. [D]theshrinkingmarket.
Text4
It is said that in England death is pressing, in Canada inevitable and in California optional. Small wonder.Americans’
life expectancy has nearly doubled over the past century. Failing hips can be replaced, clinical depression controlled,
cataracts removed in a 30-minute surgical procedure. Such advances offer the aging population a quality of life that was
unimaginablewhenIenteredmedicine50yearsago.Butnotevenagreathealth-caresystemcancuredeath—andourfailure
toconfrontthatrealitynowthreatensthisgreatnessofours.
Death is normal; we are genetically programmed to disintegrate and perish, even under ideal conditions. We all
understand that at some level, yet as medical consumers we treat death as a problem to be solved. Shielded by third-party
payers from the cost of our care, we demand everything that can possibly be done for us, even if it’s useless. The most
obvious example is late-stage cancer care. Physicians—frustrated by their inability to cure the disease and fearing loss of
hopeinthepatient—toooftenofferaggressivetreatmentfarbeyondwhatisscientificallyjustified.
pastpapers.cn
In1950,theUSspent$12.7billiononhealthcare.In 2002,thecostwill be$1,540billion.Anyonecanseethis trendis
unsustainable. Yet few seem willing to try to reverse it. Some scholars conclude that a government with finite resources
shouldsimply stop payingfor medicalcarethatsustains life beyond acertain age—say 83orso. Former Coloradogovernor
RichardLammhasbeenquotedassayingthattheoldandinfirm“haveadutytodieandgetoutoftheway”,sothatyounger,
healthierpeoplecanrealizetheirpotential.
I would not go that far. Energetic people now routinely work through their 60s and beyond, and remain dazzlingly
productive. At 78, Viacom chairman Sumner Redstone jokingly claims to be 53. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day
O’Connor is in her 70s, and former surgeon general C. Everett Koop chairs an Internet start-up in his 80s.These leaders are
living proof that prevention works and that we can manage the health problems that come naturally with age. As a mere
68-year-old,Iwishtoageasproductivelyastheyhave.
Yet there are limits to what a society can spend in this pursuit. As a physician, I know the most costly and dramatic
measures may be ineffective and painful. I also know that people in Japan and Sweden, countries that spend far less on
medicalcare, have achieved longer,healthier lives than we have.As a nation, we may be overfunding the questfor unlikely
cureswhileunderfundingresearchonhumblertherapiesthatcouldimprovepeople’slives.
36.Whatisimpliedinthefirstsentence?
[A]Americansarebetterpreparedfordeaththanotherpeople.
[B]Americansenjoyahigherlifequalitythaneverbefore.
[C]Americansareover-confidentoftheirmedicaltechnology.
[D]Americanstakeavainprideintheirlonglifeexpectancy.
37.Theauthorusestheexampleofcanerpatientstoshowthat .
[A]medicalresourcesareoftenwasted
[B]doctorsarehelplessagainstfataldiseases
[C]sometreatmentsaretooaggressive
[D]medicalcostsarebecomingunaffordable
38.Theauthor’sattitudetowardRichardLamm’sremarkisoneof.
[A]strongdisapproval [B]reservedconsent
[C] slightcontempt [D]enthusiasticsupport
39.IncontrastotheUS,JapanandSwedenarefundingtheirmedicalcare.
[A]moreflexibly [B]moreextravagantly
[C]morecautiously [D]morereasonably
40.Thetextintendstoexpresstheideathat.
[A]medicinewillfurtherprolongpeople’slives
[B]lifebeyondacertainlimitisnotworthliving
[C]deathshouldbeacceptedasafactoflife
[D]excessivedemandsincreasethecostofhealthcare
PartB
Directions:
Readthe following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese.Yourtranslation should
bewrittenclearlyonANSWERSHEET2.(10points)
Humanbeingsinalltimesandplacesthinkabouttheirworldandwonderattheirplaceinit.Humansarethoughtfuland
creative, possessed of insatiable curiosity.（41）Furthermore, humans have the ability to modify the environment in which
they live, thus subjecting all other life forms to their own peculiar ideas and fancies. Therefore, it is important to study
humans in alltheir richnessand diversity in acalm andsystematic manner,with the hopethat the knowledge resulting from
suchstudiescanleadhumanstoamoreharmoniouswayoflivingwiththemselvesandwithallotherlifeformsonthisplanet
Earth.
“Anthropology” derives from the Greek words anthropos “human” and logos “the study of.” By its very name,
pastpapers.cn
anthropologyencompassesthestudyofallhumankind.
Anthropologyisoneofthesocialsciences（. 42）Socialscienceisthatbranchofintellectualenquirywhichseekstostudy
humansandtheirendeavorsinthesamereasoned,orderly,systematic,anddispassionedmannerthatnaturalscientistsusefor
thestudyofnaturalphenomena.
Social science disciplines include geography, economics, political, science, psychology, and sociology. Each of these
socialscienceshasasubfieldorspecializationwhichliesparticularlyclosetoanthropology.
Allthesocialsciencesfocusuponthestudyofhumanity.Anthropologyisafield-studyorienteddisciplinewhichmakes
extensive use of the comparative method in analysis.（43）The emphasis on data gathered first-hand, combined with a
cross-cultural perspective brought to the analysis of cultures past and present, makes this study a unique and distinctly
importantsocialscience.
Anthropological analyses rest heavily upon the concept of culture. Sir Edward Tylor’s formulation of the concept of
culturewasoneofthegreatintellectualachievementsof19thcenturyscience.（44）Tylordefinedcultureas“…thatcomplex
wholewhichincludesbelief,art, morals,law,custom, andanyothercapabilities andhabits acquiredbyman asamember of
society.” This insight, so profound in its simplicity, opened up an entirely new way of perceiving and understanding human
life.ImplicitwithinTylor’sdefinitionistheconceptthatcultureislearned.shared,andpatternedbehavior.
（45）Thus, the anthropological concept of “culture,” like the concept of “set” in mathematics, is an abstract concept
whichmakespossibleimmenseamountsofconcreteresearchandunderstanding.
SectionIII Writing
46. Directions:
Studythefollowingsetofdrawingscarefullyandwriteanessayentitledinwhichyoushould
1）describethesetofdrawings,interpretitsmeaning,and
2）pointoutitsimplicationsinourlife.
Youshouldwriteabout200wordsneatlyonANSWERSHEET2.(20points)
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2002年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2002.pdf)
2002 年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Section I Useof English
Directions：
Readthefollowingtext.Choosethebestword(s)foreachnumberedblankandmarkA,B,CORDonANSWER
SHEET1.(10points)
Comparisons weredrawnbetweenthedevelopmentoftelevisionin the20th centuryandthediffusionof printinginthe
15thand16th centuries.Yetmuch hadhappened 1 .As was discussedbefore,itwasnot 2 the 19thcenturythat
the newspaper became the dominant pre-electronic_ 3 _ ，following in the wake of the pamphlet and the book and in the
4 oftheperiodical.Itwasduringthesame timethatthecommunications revolution 5 up,beginningwithtransport,
therailway,andleading 6 throughthetelegraph,thetelephone,radio,andmotionpictures 7 the20thcenturyworld
ofthemotorcarandtheairplane.NoteveryoneseesthatProcessin 8 .Itisimportanttodoso.
It is generally recognized, 9 , that the introduction of the computer in the early 20th century, 10 by the
inventionofthe integratedcircuitduringthe1960s, radically changedthe process, 11 its impactonthe media wasnot
immediately 12 .As time wentby,computers became smallerandmorepowerful,andtheybecame “personal”too, as
wellas 13 ,withdisplaybecomingsharperandstorage 14 increasing.Theywerethoughtof,likepeople, 15
generations,withthedistancebetweengenerationsmuch 16 .
It was within the computer age that the term “information society” began to be widely used to describe the 17
within which we now live. The communications revolution has 18 both work and leisure and how we think and feel
both about place and time, but there have been 19 view about its economic, political, social and cultural implications.
“Benefits”havebeenweighed 20 “harmful”outcomes.Andgeneralizationshaveproveddifficult.
1. ［A］between ［B］before ［C］since ［D］later
2. ［A］after ［B］by ［C］during ［D］until
3. ［A］means ［B］method ［C］medium ［D］measure
4. ［A］process ［B］company ［C］light ［D］form
5. ［A］gathered ［B］speeded ［C］worked ［D］picked
6. ［A］on ［B］out ［C］over ［D］off
7. ［A］of ［B］for ［C］beyond ［D］into
8. ［A］concept ［B］dimension ［C］effect ［D］perspective
9. ［A］indeed ［B］hence ［C］however ［D］therefore
10. ［A］brought ［B］followed ［C］stimulated ［D］characterized
11. ［A］unless ［B］since ［C］lest ［D］although
12. ［A］apparent ［B］desirable ［C］negative ［D］plausible
13. ［A］institutional ［B］universal ［C］fundamental ［D］instrumental
14. ［A］ability ［B］capability ［C］capacity ［D］faculty
15. ［A］bymeansof ［B］intermsof ［C］withregardto ［D］inlinewith
16. ［A］deeper ［B］fewer ［C］nearer ［D］smaller
17. ［A］context ［B］range ［C］scope ［D］territory
18. ［A］regarded ［B］impressed ［C］influenced ［D］effected
19. ［A］competitive ［B］controversial ［C］distracting ［D］irrational
20. ［A］above ［B］upon ［C］against ［D］with
pastpapers.cn
SectionII ReadingComprehension
PartA
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing [A], [B], [C] or [D]. Mark your
answersonANSWERSHEET1.(40points)
Text1
If you intend using humor in your talk to make people smile, you must know how to identify shared experiences and
problems.Your humor must be relevant to the audience and should help to show them that you are one of them or that you
understand their situation and are in sympathy with their point of view. Depending on whom you are addressing, the
problems will be different. If you are talking to a group of managers, you may refer to the disorganized methods of their
secretaries;alternativelyifyouareaddressingsecretaries,youmaywanttocommentontheirdisorganizedbosses.
Here is anexample, which Iheardata nurses’convention, ofa story whichworks well because theaudienceallshared
the same view of doctors. A man arrives in heaven and is being shown around by St. Peter. He sees wonderful
accommodations,beautifulgardens,sunnyweather,andsoon.Everyoneisverypeaceful,politeandfriendlyuntil,waitingin
a linefor lunch,thenew arrival is suddenlypushedasidebya man in awhite coat,who rushesto theheadofthe line,grabs
his food andstomps over to atable byhimself. “Who is that?” the new arrival asked St. Peter. “Oh, that’s God,” came the
reply,“butsometimeshethinkshe’sadoctor.”
If you are part of the group which you are addressing, you will be in a position to know the experiences and problems
whicharecommontoallofyouandit’llbeappropriate foryou tomakeapassingremarkabouttheinediblecanteenfoodor
the chairman’s notorious badtaste in ties.Withother audiences you mustn’tattempt to cutin with humor as theywill resent
an outsider making disparaging remarks about their canteen or their chairman. You will be on safer ground if you stick to
scapegoatslikethePostOfficeorthetelephonesystem.
If you feel awkward being humorous, you must practice so that it becomes more natural. Include a few casual and
apparentlyoff-the-cuffremarkswhichyoucandeliverinarelaxedandunforcedmanner.Oftenit’sthedeliverywhichcauses
theaudiencetosmile,sospeakslowlyandrememberthataraisedeyebroworanunbelievinglookmayhelptoshowthatyou
aremakingalight-heartedremark.
Lookfor thehumor.Itoftencomes fromthe unexpected.Atwistona familiar quote“If atfirstyou don’tsucceed, give
up” or a play on words or on a situation. Search for exaggeration and understatement. Look at your talk and pick out a few
wordsorsentenceswhichyoucanturnaboutandinjectwithhumor.
21.Tomakeyourhumorwork,youshould .
[A]takeadvantageofdifferentkindsofaudience [B]makefunofthedisorganizedpeople
[C]addressdifferentproblemstodifferentpeople [D]showsympathyforyourlisteners
22.Thejokeaboutdoctorsimpliesthat,intheeyesofnurses,theyare .
[A]impolitetonewarrivals [B]veryconsciousoftheirgodlikerole
[C]entitledtosomeprivileges [D]verybusyevenduringlunchhours
23.Itcanbeinferredfromthetextthatpublicservices .
[A]havebenefitedmanypeople [B]arethefocusofpublicattention
[C]areaninappropriatesubjectforhumor [D]haveoftenbeenthelaughingstock
24.Toachievethedesiredresult,humorousstoriesshouldbedelivered .
[A]inwell-wordedlanguage [B]asawkwardlyaspossible
[C]inexaggeratedstatements [D]ascasuallyaspossible
25.Thebesttitleforthetextmaybe .
[A]UseHumorEffectively [B]VariousKindsofHumor
[C]AddHumortoSpeech [D]DifferentHumorStrategies
pastpapers.cn
Text2
Since the dawn ofhuman ingenuity,people have devised ever more cunning tools to cope with work that is dangerous,
boring, burdensome, or just plain nasty.That compulsion has resulted in robotics—the science of conferring various human
capabilities on machines.And if scientists have yet to create the mechanical version of science fiction, they have begun to
comeclose.
As a result, the modern world is increasingly populated by intelligent gizmos whose presence we barely notice but
whose universal existence has removed much human labor. Our factories hum to the rhythm of robot assembly arms. Our
bankingisdoneatautomated teller terminalsthatthankus withmechanicalpolitenessforthetransaction.Oursubwaytrains
arecontrolledbytirelessrobot-drivers.Andthankstothecontinualminiaturizationofelectronicsandmicro-mechanics,there
are already robot systems that can perform some kinds of brain and bone surgery with submillimeter accuracy—far greater
precisionthanhighlyskilledphysicianscanachievewiththeirhandsalone.
Butifrobotsaretoreachthenextstageoflaborsavingutility,theywillhavetooperatewithlesshumansupervisionand
beabletomakeatleastafewdecisionsforthemselves—goalsthatposearealchallenge.“Whileweknowhowtotellarobot
to handle a specific error," says Dave Lavery, manager of a robotics program at NASA, “we can't yet give a robot enough
‘commonsense’toreliablyinteractwithadynamicworld.”
Indeedthequestfortrueartificialintelligencehasproducedverymixedresults.Despiteaspellofinitialoptimisminthe
1960sand1970swhenitappearedthattransistorcircuitsandmicroprocessorsmightbeabletocopytheactionofthehuman
brainbytheyear2010,researcherslatelyhavebeguntoextendthatforecastbydecadesifnotcenturies.
What they found, in attempting to model thought, is that the human brain's roughly one hundred billion nerve cells are
much more talented—and human perception far more complicated—than previously imagined. They have built robots that
can recognize the error of a machine panelby a fraction ofa millimeter in a controlled factory environment. But the human
mind can glimpse a rapidly changing scene and immediately disregard the 98 percent that is irrelevant, instantaneously
focusingonthe monkey atthe sideofawindingforestroadorthesinglesuspiciousfacein abig crowd.Themostadvanced
computersystemsonEarthcan'tapproachthatkindofability,andneuroscientistsstilldon’tknowquitehowwedoit.
26.Humaningenuitywasinitiallydemonstratedin .
[A]theuseofmachinestoproducesciencefiction.
[B]thewideuseofmachinesinmanufacturingindustry.
[C]theinventionoftoolsfordifficultanddangerouswork.
[D]theelite’scunningtacklingofdangerousandboringwork.
27.Theword“gizmos”(line1,paragraph2)mostprobablymeans .
[A]programs ［B］ experts ［C］ devices ［D］ creatures
28.Accordingtothetext,whatisbeyondman'sabilitynowistodesignarobotthatcan .
[A]fulfilldelicatetaskslikeperformingbrainsurgery.
[B]interactwithhumanbeingsverbally.
[C]havealittlecommonsense.
[D]respondindependentlytoachangingworld.
29.Besidesreducinghumanlabor,robotscanalso .
[A]makeafewdecisionsforthemselves.
[B]dealwithsomeerrorswithhumanintervention.
[C]improvefactoryenvironments.
[D]cultivatehumancreativity.
30.Theauthorusestheexampleofamonkeytoarguethatrobotsare .
[A]expectedtocopyhumanbrainininternalstructure.
[B]abletoperceiveabnormalitiesimmediately.
[C]farlessablethanhumanbraininfocusingonrelevantinformation.
[D]bestusedinacontrolledenvironment.
pastpapers.cn
Text3
Could the bad old days of economic decline be about to return? Since OPEC agreed to supply-cuts in March, the price
of crudeoil has jumpedto almost $26a barrel, up from less than$10 lastDecember.This near-tripling ofoilprices calls up
scarymemoriesofthe1973oilshock,whenpricesquadrupled,and1979-1980,whentheyalsoalmosttripled.Bothprevious
shocks resulted in double-digit inflation and global economic decline. So where are the headlines warning of gloom and
doomthistime?
Theoilpricewasgiven anotherpushupthisweekwhenIraqsuspendedoilexports. Strengtheningeconomicgrowth,at
thesametimeaswintergripsthenorthernhemisphere,couldpushthepricehigherstillintheshortterm.
Yet there are good reasons to expect the economic consequences now to be less severe than in the 1970s. In most
countriesthecostofcrudeoilnowaccountsforasmallershareofthepriceofpetrolthanitdidinthe1970s.InEurope,taxes
account for up to four-fifths of the retail price, so even quite big changes in the price of crude have a more muted effect on
pumppricesthaninthepast.
Rich economies are also less dependent on oil than they were, and so less sensitive to swings in the oil price. Energy
conservation, a shift to other fuels and a decline in the importance of heavy, energy-intensive industries have reduced oil
consumption. Software, consultancy and mobile telephones use far less oil than steel or car production. For each dollar of
GDP (in constant prices) rich economies now use nearly 50% less oil than in 1973. The OECD estimates in its latest
EconomicOutlookthat,ifoilpricesaveraged$22abarrelforafullyear,comparedwith$13in1998,thiswouldincreasethe
oilimportbillinricheconomiesbyonly0.25-0.5%ofGDP.Thatislessthanone-quarteroftheincomelossin1974or1980.
On the other hand, oil-importing emerging economies—to which heavy industry has shifted—have become more
energy-intensive,andsocouldbemoreseriouslysqueezed.
One more reason not to lose sleep over the rise in oil prices is that, unlike the rises in the 1970s, it has not occurred
against the background of general commodity-price inflation and global excess demand. A sizable portion of the world is
onlyjust emerging from economic decline.The Economist’s commodity priceindex is broadlyunchanging from a year ago.
In1973commoditypricesjumpedby70%,andin1979byalmost30%.
31.Themainreasonforthelatestriseofoilpriceis_______
[A]globalinflation. [B]reductioninsupply.
[C]fastgrowthineconomy. [D]Iraq’ssuspensionofexports.
32.Itcanbeinferredfromthetextthattheretailpriceofpetrolwillgoupdramaticallyif______.
[A]priceofcruderises. [B]commoditypricesrise.
[C]consumptionrises. [D]oiltaxesrise.
33.TheestimatesinEconomicOutlookshowthatinrichcountries_______.
［A］heavyindustrybecomesmoreenergy-intensive.
［B］incomelossmainlyresultsfromfluctuatingcrudeoilprices.
［C］manufacturingindustryhasbeenseriouslysqueezed.
［D］oilpricechangeshavenosignificantimpactonGDP.
34.Wecandrawaconclusionfromthetextthat_______.
［A］oil-priceshocksarelessshockingnow.
［B］inflationseemsirrelevanttooil-priceshocks.
［C］energyconservationcankeepdowntheoilprices.
［D］thepriceriseofcrudeleadstotheshrinkingofheavyindustry.
35.Fromthetextwecanseethatthewriterseems__________.
［A］optimistic. ［B］sensitive. ［C］gloomy. ［D］scared.
Text4
The Supreme Court’s decisions on physician-assisted suicide carry important implications for how medicine seeks to
relievedyingpatientsofpainandsuffering.
pastpapers.cn
Although it ruled that there is no constitutional right to physician-assisted suicide, the Court in effect supported the
medical principle of “double effect”, a centuries-old moral principle holding that an action having two effects—a good one
thatisintendedandaharmfulonethatisforeseen—ispermissibleiftheactorintendsonlythegoodeffect.
Doctors have used that principle in recent years to justify using high doses of morphine to control terminally ill
patients’pain,eventhoughincreasingdosageswilleventuallykillthepatient.
Nancy Dubler, director of Montefiore Medical Center, contends that the principle will shield doctors who “until now
have very, very strongly insisted that they could not give patients sufficient medication to control their pain if that might
hastendeath”.
GeorgeAnnas, chair of the health law department at Boston University, maintains that, as long as a doctor prescribes a
drug for a legitimate medical purpose, the doctor has done nothing illegal even if the patient uses the drug to hasten death.
“It’s like surgery,” he says. “We don’t call those deaths homicides because the doctors didn’t intend to kill their patients,
although they risked their death. If you’re a physician, you can risk your patient’s suicide as long as you don’t intend their
suicide.”
On another level, many in the medical community acknowledge that the assisted-suicide debate has been fueled in part
bythedespairofpatientsforwhommodernmedicinehasprolongedthephysicalagonyofdying.
Just three weeks before the Court’s ruling on physician-assisted suicide, the National Academy of Science (NAS)
releasedatwo-volumereport,ApproachingDeath:ImprovingCareattheEndofLife.Itidentifiestheundertreatmentofpain
and the aggressive use of “ineffectual and forced medical procedures that may prolong and even dishonor the period of
dying”asthetwinproblemsofend-of-lifecare.
The profession is taking steps to require young doctors to train in hospices, to test knowledge of aggressive pain
management therapies, to develop a Medicare billing code for hospital-based care, and to develop new standards for
assessingandtreatingpainattheendoflife.
Annassayslawyerscanplayakeyroleininsistingthatthesewell-meaningmedicalinitiativestranslateintobettercare.
“Largenumbersofphysiciansseemunconcernedwiththepaintheirpatientsareneedlesslyandpredictablysuffering”,tothe
extent that it constitutes “systematic patient abuse”. He says medical licensing boards “must make it clear...that painful
deathsarepresumptivelyonesthatareincompetentlymanagedandshouldresultinlicensesuspension”.
36.Fromthefirstthreeparagraphs,welearnthat .
[A]doctorsusedtoincreasedrugdosagestocontroltheirpatients’pain
[B]itisstillillegalfordoctorstohelpthedyingendtheirlives
[C]theSupremeCourtstronglyopposesphysician-assistedsuicide
[D]patientshavenoconstitutionalrighttocommitsuicide
37.Whichofthefollowingstatementsitstrueaccordingtothetext?
[A]Doctorswillbeheldguiltyiftheyrisktheirpatients’death.
[B]Modernmedicinehasassistedterminallyillpatientsinpainlessrecovery.
[C]TheCourtruledthathigh-dosagepain-relievingmedicationcanbeprescribed.
[D]Adoctor’smedicationisnolongerjustifiedbyhisintentions.
38.AccordingtotheNAS’sreport,oneoftheproblemsinend-of-lifecareis .
[A]prolongedmedicalprocedures [B]inadequatetreatmentofpain
[C]systematicdrugabuse [D]insufficienthospitalcare
39.Whichofthefollowingbestdefinestheword“aggressive”(line4,paragraph7)?
[A]Bold. [B]Harmful. [C]Careless. [D]Desperate
40.GeorgeAnnaswouldprobablyagreethatdoctorsshouldbepunishedifthey .
[A]managetheirpatientsincompetently
[B]givepatientsmoremedicinethanneeded
[C]reducedrugdosagesfortheirpatients
[D]prolongtheneedlesssufferingofthepatients
pastpapers.cn
PartB
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation
shouldbewrittenclearlyonANSWERSHEET2.(10points)
Almost all our major problems involve human behavior, and they cannot be solved by physical and biological
technology alone. What is needed is a technology of behavior, but we have been slow to develop the science from which
such a technology might be drawn.（41）One difficulty is that almost all of what is called behavioral science continues to
trace behavior to states of mind, feelings, traits of character, human nature, and so on. Physics and biology once followed
similar practices and advanced only when they discarded them. （42）The behavioral sciences have been slow to change
partly because the explanatory items often seem to bedirectly observed andpartly because other kinds of explanations have
been hard to find. The environment is obviously important, but its role has remained obscure. It does not push or pull, it
selects,andthisfunctionisdifficulttodiscoverandanalyze.（43）Theroleofnaturalselectioninevolutionwasformulated
only a little more than a hundred years ago, and the selective role of the environment in shaping and maintaining the
behavior of the individual is only beginning to be recognized and studied. As the interaction between organism and
environment has come to be understood, however, effects once assigned to states of mind, feelings, and traits are beginning
to be traced to accessible conditions, and a technology of behavior may therefore become available. It will not solve our
problems, however, until it replaces traditional prescientific views, and these are strongly entrenched. Freedom and dignity
illustratethedifficulty.（44）Theyarethepossessionsoftheautonomou（s self-governing）manoftraditionaltheory,andthey
are essential to practices in which a person is held responsible for his conduct and given credit for his achievements. A
scientific analysis shifts both the responsibility and the achievement to the environment. It also raises questions concerning
“values”.Whowilluseatechnologyandtowhatends? （45）Untiltheseissuesareresolved,atechnologyofbehaviorwill
continuetoberejected,andwithitpossiblytheonlywaytosolveourproblems.
SectionIII Writing
46.Directions:
Studythefollowingpicturecarefullyandwriteanessayentitled“CulturesNationalandInternational”.
Intheessayyoushould
1.describethepictureandinterpretitsmeaning,and
2.giveyourcommentonthephenomenon.
Youshouldwriteabout200wordsneatlyonANSWERSHEET2.(20points)
AnAmericangirlintraditionalChinesecostume（服装）
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2001年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2001.pdf)
2001 年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Part I ClozeTest
Directions：
For each numbered blank in the following passage, there are four choices marked [A], [B], [C] and [D]. Choose
the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets
withapencil.(10points)
The government is to ban payments to witnesses by newspapers seeking to buy up people involved in prominent cases
1 thetrialofRosemaryWest.
Inasignificant 2 oflegalcontrolsover thepress,LordIrvine,theLordChancellor,willintroducea 3 bill
thatwillproposemakingpaymentstowitnesses 4 andwillstrictlycontroltheamountof 5 thatcanbegivento
acase 6 atrialbegins.
In a letter to Gerald Kaufman, chairman of the House of Commons media select committee, Lord Irvine said he 7
withacommitteereportthisyearwhichsaidthatselfregulationdidnot 8 sufficientcontrol.
9 of the letter came two days after Lord Irvine caused a 10 of media protest when he said the 11 of
privacycontrolscontainedinEuropeanlegislationwouldbelefttojudges 12 toParliament.
The Lord Chancellor said introduction of the Human Rights Bill, which 13 the EuropeanConvention on Human
Rightslegally 14 inBritain,laiddownthateverybodywas 15 toprivacyandthatpublicfigurescouldgotocourt
toprotectthemselvesandtheirfamilies.
“Pressfreedomswillbeinsafehands 16 ourBritishjudges,”hesaid.
Witness payments became an 17 after West was sentenced to 10 life sentences in 1995. Up to 19 witnesses
were 18 to have received payments for telling their stories to newspapers. Concerns were raised 19 witnesses
mightbeencouragedexaggeratetheirstoriesincourtto 20 guiltyverdicts.
1.［A］asto ［B］forinstance ［C］inparticular ［D］suchas
2.［A］tightening ［B］intensifying ［C］focusing ［D］fastening
3.［A］sketch ［B］rough ［C］preliminary ［D］draft
4.［A］illogical ［B］illegal ［C］improbable ［D］improper
5.［A］publicity ［B］penalty ［C］popularity ［D］peculiarity
6.［A］since ［B］if ［C］before ［D］as
7.［A］sided ［B］shared ［C］complied ［D］agreed
8.［A］present ［B］offer ［C］manifest ［D］indicate
9.［A］Release ［B］Publication ［C］Printing ［D］Exposure
10.［A］storm ［B］rage ［C］flare ［D］flash
11.［A］translation ［B］interpretation ［C］exhibition ［D］demonstration
12.［A］betterthan ［B］otherthan ［C］ratherthan ［D］soonerthan
13.［A］changes ［B］makes ［C］sets ［D］turns
14.［A］binding ［B］convincing ［C］restraining ［D］sustaining
15.［A］authorized ［B］credited ［C］entitled ［D］qualified
16.［A］with ［B］to ［C］from ［D］by
17.［A］impact ［B］incident ［C］inference ［D］issue
18.［A］stated ［B］remarked ［C］said ［D］told
19.［A］what ［B］when ［C］which ［D］that
20.［A］assure ［B］confide ［C］ensure ［D］guarantee
pastpapers.cn
PartIIReadingComprehension
Directions:
Eachofthepassagesbelowisfollowedbysomequestions.Foreachquestionstherearefouranswersmarked[A],
[B], [C] and [D]. Read the passages carefully and choose the best answer to each of the questions. Then mark your
answeronANSWERSHEET1byblackeningthecorrespondingletterinthebracketswithapencil.(40points)
Passage1
Specialisation can be seen as a response to the problem of an increasing accumulation of scientific knowledge. By
splittingupthesubjectmatterintosmallerunits，onemancouldcontinuetohandletheinformationanduseitasthebasisfor
further research. But specialisation was only one of a series of related developments in science affecting the process of
communication.Anotherwasthegrowingprofessionalisationofscientificactivity.
No clear-cut distinction can be drawn between professionals and amateurs in science: exceptions can be found to any
rule. Nevertheless, the word “amateur” does carry a connotation that the person concerned is not fully integrated into the
scientificcommunityand,inparticular,maynotfullyshareitsvalues.Thegrowthofspecialisationinthenineteenthcentury,
with its consequent requirement of a longer, more complex training, implied greater problems for amateur participation in
science. The trend was naturally most obvious in those areas of science based especially on a mathematical or laboratory
training,andcanbeillustratedintermsofthedevelopmentofgeologyintheUnitedKingdom.
A comparison of British geological publications over the last century and a half reveals not simply an increasing
emphasis on the primacy of research, but also a changing definition of what constitutes an acceptable research paper.Thus,
in the nineteenth century, local geological studies represented worthwhile research in their own right; but, in the twentieth
century,localstudieshaveincreasinglybecomeacceptabletoprofessionalsonlyiftheyincorporate,andreflecton,thewider
geologicalpicture.Amateurs, ontheotherhand,havecontinuedtopursuelocalstudiesintheoldway.Theoverallresulthas
been to make entrance to professional geological journals harder for amateurs, a result that has been reinforced by the
widespreadintroductionofrefereeing,firstbynationaljournalsinthenineteenthcenturyandthenbyseverallocalgeological
journals in the twentieth century.As a logical consequence of this development, separate journals have nowappeared aimed
mainly towards either professional or amateur readership.Arather similar process of differentiation has led to professional
geologistscomingtogethernationallywithinoneortwospecificsocieties,whereastheamateurshavetendedeithertoremain
inlocalsocietiesortocometogethernationallyinadifferentway.
AlthoughtheprocessofprofessionalisationandspecialisationwasalreadywellunderwayinBritishgeologyduringthe
nineteenth century, its full consequences were thus delayed until the twentieth century. In science generally, however, the
nineteenthcenturymustbereckonedasthecrucialperiodforthischangeinthestructureofscience.
21. Thegrowthofspecialisationinthe19thcenturymightbemoreclearlyseeninsciencessuchas_______.
[AJsociologyandchemistry [B]physicsandpsychology
[C]sociologyandpsychology [D]physicsandchemistry
22. Wecaninferfromthepassagethat_______.
[A]thereislittledistinctionbetweenspecialisationandprofessionalisation
[B]amateurscancompetewithprofessionalsinsomeareasofscience
[C]professionalstendtowelcomeamateursintothescientificcommunity
[D]amateurshavenationalacademicsocietiesbutnolocalones
23. Theauthorwritesofthedevelopmentofgeologytodemonstrate______.
[A]theprocessofspecialisationandprofessionalisation
[B]thehardshipofamateursinscientificstudy
[C]thechangeofpoliciesinscientificpublications
[D]thediscriminationofprofessionalsagainstamateurs
pastpapers.cn
24. Thedirectreasonforspecialisationis_______.
[A]thedevelopmentincommunication [B]thegrowthofprofessionalisation
[C]theexpansionofscientificknowledge [D]thesplittingupofacademicsocieties
Passage2
A great deal of attention is being paid today to the so-called digital divide-the division of the world into the info
(information) rich and the info poor. And that divide does exist today. My wife and I lectured about this looming danger
twenty years ago. What was less visible then, however, were the new, positive forces that work against the digital divide.
Therearereasonstobeoptimistic.
There are technological reasons to hope the digital divide will narrow. As the Internet becomes more and more
commercialized, it is in the interest of business to universalize access-after all, the more people online, the more potential
customers there are. More and more governments, afraid their countries will be left behind, want to spread Internet access.
Within the next decade ortwo, one to two billion people on the planetwill he netted together.As a result, Inow believe the
digitaldividewill narrowratherthanwidenintheyearsahead.Andthatis very goodnewsbecausetheInternetmaywellbe
themostpowerfultoolforcombatingworldpovertythatwe’veeverhad.
Ofcourse,theuseoftheInternetisn’ttheonlywaytodefeatpoverty.AndtheInternetisnottheonlytoolwehave.But
ithasenormouspotential.
Totakeadvantageofthistool,someimpoverishedcountrieswillhavetogetovertheiroutdatedanti-colonialprejudices
withrespecttoforeigninvestment.Countriesthatstillthinkforeigninvestmentisaninvasionoftheirsovereigntymightwell
studythehistoryofinfrastructure（thebasicstructuralfoundationsofasociety）intheUnitedStates.WhentheUnitedStates
built its industrial infrastructure, it didn’t have the capital to do so. And that is why America’s Second Wave
infrastructure-including roads, harbors, highways, ports and so on-were built with foreign investment. The English, the
Germans, the Dutch and the French were investing in Britain’s former colony. They financed them. Immigrant Americans
built them. Guess who owns them now? The Americans. I believe the same thing would be true in places like Brazil or
anywhere else for that matter. The more foreign capital you have helping you build your Third Wave infrastructure, which
todayisanelectronicinfrastructure,thebetteroffyou’regoingtobe.Thatdoesn'tmeanlyingdownandbecomingfooled,or
lettingforeigncorporationsrununcontrolled.Butitdoesmeanrecognizinghowimportanttheycanbeinbuildingtheenergy
andtelecominfrastructuresneededtotakefulladvantageoftheInternet.
25. Digitaldivideissomething_______.
[A]gettingworsebecauseoftheInternet [B]therichcountriesareresponsiblefor
[C]theworldmustguardagainst [D]consideredpositivetoday
26. GovernmentsattachimportancetotheInternetbecauseit_______.
[A]offerseconomicpotentials [B]canbringforeignfunds
[C]cansoonwipeoutworldpoverty [D]connectspeopleallovertheworld
27. ThewritermentionedthecaseoftheUnitedStatestojustifythepolicyof_______.
[A]providingfinancialsupportoverseas [B]preventingforeigncapital’scontrol
[C]buildingindustrialinfrastructure [D]acceptingforeigninvestment
28. Itseemsthatnowacountry’seconomydependsmuchon______.
[A]howwell-developeditiselectronically [B]whetheritisprejudicedagainstimmigrants
[C]whetheritadoptsAmerica’sindustrialpattern [D]howmuchcontrolithasoverforeigncorporations
Passage3
WhydosomanyAmericansdistrustwhattheyreadintheirnewspapers?TheAmericanSocietyofNewspaperEditorsis
trying to answer this painful question.The organization is deep into a long self-analysis known as the journalism credibility
project.
pastpapers.cn
Sad to say, this project has turned out to be mostly low-level findings about factual errors and spelling and grammar
mistakes,combinedwithlotsofheadscratchingpuzzlementaboutwhatintheworldthosereadersreallywant.
But the sources of distrust go way deeper. Most journalists learn to see the world through a set of standard templates
(patterns) into which they plug each day’s events. In other words, there is a conventional story line in the newsroom culture
thatprovidesabackboneandaready-madenarrativestructureforotherwiseconfusionsnews.
There exists a social and cultural disconnect between journalists and their readers which helps explain why the
“standard templates”of the newsroom seem alien many readers. In a recent survey, questionnaires were sent to reporters in
five middle size cities around the country, plus one large metropolitan area. Then residents in these communities were
phonedatrandomandaskedthesamequestions.
Replies show that compared with other Americans, journalists are more likely to live in upscale neighborhoods, have
maids, own Mercedeses, and trade stocks, and they’re less likely to go to church, do volunteer work, or put down roots in
community.
Reporters tend to be part of a broadly defined social and cultural elite, so their work tends to reflect the conventional
values of this elite. The astonishing distrust of the news media isn’t rooted in inaccuracy orpoor reportorial skills butin the
dailyclashofworldviewsbetweenreportersandtheirreaders.
Thisisanexplosivesituationforanyindustry,particularlyadecliningone.Hereisatroubledbusinessthatkeepshiring
employees whose attitudes vastly annoy the customers. Then it sponsors lots of symposiums and a credibility project
dedicated to wondering why customers are annoyed and fleeing in large numbers. But it never seems to get around to
noticing the cultural and class biases that so many former buyers are complaining about. If it did, it would open up its
diversity program, now focused narrowly on race and gender, and look for reporters who differ broadly by outlook, values,
education,andclass.
29. Whatisthepassagemainlyabout?
[A]needsofthereadersallovertheworld.
[B]causesofthepublicdisappointmentaboutnewspapers.
[C]originsofthedecliningnewspaperindustry.
[D]aimsofajournalismcredibilityproject.
30. Theresultsofthejournalismcredibilityprojectturnedouttobe______.
[A]quitetrustworthy [B]somewhatcontradictory
[C]veryilluminating [D]rathersuperficial
31.Thebasicproblemofjournalistsaspointedoutbythewriterliesintheir______.
[A]workingattitude [B]conventionallifestyle
[C]worldoutlook [D]educationalbackground
32. Despiteitsefforts,thenewspaperindustrystillcannotsatisfythereadersowingtoits_______.
[A]failuretorealizeitsrealproblem [B]tendencytohireannoyingreporters
[C]likelinesstodoinaccuratereporting [D]prejudiceinmattersofraceandgender
Passage4
The world is going through the biggest wave of mergers and acquisitions ever witnessed. The process sweeps from
hyperactive America to Europe and reaches the emerging countries with unsurpassed might. Many in these countries are
looking atthis processandworrying: "Won'tthewave ofbusinessconcentrationturn intoanuncontrollable anti-competitive
force?"
There's no question that the big are getting bigger and more powerful. Multinational corporations accounted for less
than 20% of international trade in 1982. Today the figure is more than 25% and growing rapidly. International affiliates
accountfor afast-growing segmentof production in economies thatopenup andwelcome foreign investment. InArgentina,
for instance, after the reforms of the early 1990s, multinationals went from 43% to almost 70% of the industrial production
of the 200 largest firms.This phenomenon has created serious concerns over the role of smaller economic firms, of national
pastpapers.cn
businessmenandovertheultimatestabilityoftheworldeconomy.
I believe that the most important forces behind the massive M&A wave are the same that underlie the globalization
process: falling transportation and communication costs, lower trade and investment barriers and enlarged markets that
require enlarged operations capable of meeting customers' demands.All these are beneficial, not detrimental, to consumers.
Asproductivitygrows,theworld'swealthincreases.
Examplesofbenefitsorcostsofthecurrentconcentrationwavearescanty.Yetitishardtoimaginethatthemergerofa
few oil firms today could re-create the same threats to competition that were feared nearly a century ago in the U.S., when
the Standard Oil trust was broken up. The mergers of telecom companies, such as WorldCom, hardly seem to bring higher
pricesforconsumersorareductioninthepaceoftechnicalprogress.Onthecontrary,thepriceofcommunicationsiscoming
down fast. In cars, too, concentration is increasing-witness Daimler and Chrysler,Renault andNissan-but it does notappear
thatconsumersarebeinghurt.
Yetthefactremainsthatthemerger movementmustbewatched.Afewweeks ago,AlanGreenspanwarnedagainstthe
megamergers in the banking industry. Who is going to supervise, regulate and operate as lender of last resort with the
giganticbanksthatarebeingcreated?Won'tmultinationalsshiftproductionfromoneplacetoanotherwhenanationgetstoo
strict about infringements to fair competition?And should one country take upon itself the role of “defending competition”
onissuesthataffectmanyothernations,asintheUS.vs.Microsoftcase?
33.Whatisthetypicaltrendofbusinessestoday?
[A]totakeinmoreforeignfunds. [B]toinvestmoreabroad.
[C]tocombineandbecomebigger. [D]totradewithmorecountries.
34. Accordingtotheauthor,oneofthedrivingforcesbehindM&Awaveis______
[A]thegreatercustomerdemands. [B]asurplussupplyforthemarket.
[C]agrowingproductivity. [D]theincreaseoftheworld'swealth.
35. Fromparagraph4wecaninferthat______.
[A]theincreasingconcentrationiscertaintohurtconsumers
[B]WorldComservesasagoodexampleofbothbenefitsandcosts
[C]thecostsoftheglobalizationprocessareenormous
[D]theStandardOiltrustmighthavethreatenedcompetition
36. Towardthenewbusinesswave,thewriter'sattitudecanhesaidtobe_______.
[A]optimistic [B]objective
[C]pessimistic [D]biased
Passage5
When I decided to quit my full time employment it never occurred to me that I might become a part of a new
international trend. A lateral move that hurt my pride and blocked my professional progress prompted me to abandon my
relatively high profile career although, in the manner of a disgraced government minister, I covered my exit by claiming “I
wantedtospendmoretimewithmyfamily”.
Curiously, some two-and-a-half years and two novels later, my experiment in what the Americans term
“downshifting”hasturnedmytiredexcuseintoanabsolutereality.Ihavebeentransformedfromapassionateadvocateofthe
philosophyof“havingitall”,preachedbyLindaKelseyforthepastsevenyearsinthepagesofShemagazine,intoawoman
whoishappytosettleforabitofeverything.
I have discovered, as perhaps Kelsey will after her much-publicized resignation from the editorship of She after a
build-upofstress,thatabandoningthedoctrineof“jugglingyourlife”,andmakingthealternativemoveinto“downshifting”
brings withitfargreater rewardsthanfinancialsuccessandsocialstatus.Nothingcouldpersuademe toreturntothekindof
life Kelsey used to advocate and I once enjoyed: 12-hour working days, pressured deadlines, the fearful strain of office
politicsandthelimitationsofbeingaparenton“qualitytime”.
In America, the move away from juggling to a simpler, less materialistic lifestyle is a well-established trend.
pastpapers.cn
Downshifting-also known in America as “voluntary simplicity” has, ironically, even bred a new area of what might be
termed anticonsumerism. There are a number of bestselling downshifting self-help books for people who want to simplify
theirlives;therearenewsletter's,suchasTheTightwadGazette,thatgivehundredsofthousandsofAmericansusefultipson
anything from recycling their cling-film to making their own soap; there are even support groups for those who want to
achievethemid-'90sequivalentofdroppingout.
While in America the trend started as a reaction to the economic decline——after the mass redundancies caused by
downsizing in the late’80s——and is still linked to the politics of thrift, in Britain, at least among the middle-class
downshiftersofmyacquaintance,wehavedifferentreasonsforseekingtosimplifyourlives.
For the women of my generation who were urged to keep juggling through the’80s,downshifting in the mid-'90s is not
so mucha searchfor the mythicalgood life——growing your own organic vegetables, and risking turning into one——as a
personalrecognitionofyourlimitations.
37.Whichofthefollowingistrueaccordingtoparagraph1?
[A]Full-timeemploymentisanewinternationaltrend.
[B]Thewriterwascompelledbycircumstancestoleaveherjob.
[C]“Alateralmove”meanssteppingoutoffull-timeemployment.
[D]Thewriterwasonlytooeagertospendmoretimewithherfamily.
38.Thewriter’sexperimentshowsthatdownshifting____
[A]enableshertorealizeherdream [B]helpshermoldanewphilosophyoflife
[C]promptshertoabandonherhighsocialstatus [D]leadshertoacceptthedoctrineofShemagazine
39.“Jugglingone’slife”probablymeanslivingalifecharacterizedby_____.
[A]non-materialisticlifestyle [B]abitofeverything
[C]extremestress [D]anti-consumerism
40.Accordingtothepassage,downshiftingemergedintheU.S.asaresultof_____
[A]thequickpaceofmodernlife [B]man’sadventurousspirit
[C]man’ssearchformythicalexperiences [D]theeconomicsituation
PartIIIEnglish-ChineseTranslation
Directions:
Readthe following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese.Yourtranslation should
bewrittenclearlyonANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
Inlessthan30years’timetheStarTrekholodeckwillbeareality.Directlinksbetweenthebrain’snervoussystemanda
computerwillalsocreatefullsensoryvirtualenvironments,allowingvirtualvacationslikethoseinthefilmTotalRecall.
41）Therewillbetelevision chatshowshostedbyrobots,andcarswith pollutionmonitors thatwilldisablethemwhen
theyoffend.42）Childrenwill playwithdolls equippedwithpersonalitychips,computers within-builtpersonalities willbe
regardedasworkmatesratherthantools,relaxationwillbeinfrontofsmelltelevision,anddigitalagewillhavearrived.
According to BT’s futurologist, Ian Pearson, these are among the developments scheduled for the first few decades of
thenewmillennium（aperiodof1,000years）,whensupercomputerswilldramaticallyaccelerateprogressinallareasoflife.
43）Pearsonhaspiecedtogether theworkofhundredsofresearchersaroundtheworldtoproduceauniquemillennium
technology calendar that gives the latest dates when we can expect hundreds of key breakthroughs and discoveries to take
place. Some of the biggest developments will be in medicine, including an extended life expectancy and dozens of artificial
organscomingintousebetweennowand2040.
Pearson also predicts a breakthrough in computer-human links. “By linking directly to our nervous system, computers
pastpapers.cn
could pick up what we feel and, hopefully, simulate feeling too so that we can start to develop full sensory environments,
ratherliketheholidaysinTotalRecallortheStarTrekholodeck,”hesays.44）Butthat,Pearsonpointsout,isonlythestart
of man-machine integration: “It will be the beginning of the long process of integration that will ultimately lead to a fully
electronichumanbeforetheendofthenextcentury.”
Throughhisresearch,Pearsonisabletoputdatestomostofthebreakthroughsthatcanbepredicted.However,thereare
still no forecasts for when faster-than-light travel will be available, or when human cloning will be perfected, or when time
travel will be possible. But he does expect social problems as a result of technological advances.Aboom in neighborhood
surveillance cameras will, for example, cause problems in 2010, while the arrival of synthetic lifelike robots will mean
peoplemaynotbeabletodistinguishbetweentheirhumanfriendsandthedroids.
45）Andhomeapplianceswillalsobecomesosmartthatcontrollingandoperatingthemwillresultinthebreakoutofanew
psychologicaldisorder—kitchenrage.
SectionVWriting
46. Directions:
Amongalltheworthyfeelings ofmankind,love isprobablythenoblest,buteveryonehashis/herownunderstandingof
it.
Therehasbeenadiscussionrecentlyontheissueinanewspaper.Writeanessaytothenewspaperto
1）showyourunderstandingofthesymbolicmeaningofthepicturebelow.
2）giveaspecificexample,and
3）giveyoursuggestionastothebestwaytoshowlove.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 2000年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 2000.pdf)
2000 年全国硕士研究生入学统一考试英语试题
Part ⅠCloseTest
Directions：
Foreachnumberedblankinthefollowingpassage,therearefourchoicesmarked［A］,［B］,［C］and ［D］.
Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the
bracketswithapencil.(10points)
①If a farmer wishes to succeed, he must try to keep a wide gap between his consumption and his production. ②He
muststore alargequantityofgrain 1 consumingallhisgrainimmediately.③Hecancontinueto supporthimself andhis
family 2 he produces a surplus. ④He must use this surplus in three ways: as seed for sowing, as an insurance 3 the
unpredictableeffectsofbadweatherandasacommoditywhichhemustsellinorderto 4 oldagriculturalimplementsand
obtainchemical fertilizers to 5 the soil.⑤Hemayalso needmoneyto constructirrigation 6 andimprove his farmin
other ways. ⑥If no surplusis available, a farmer cannot be 7 . ⑦He must either sellsome of his property or 8 extra
funds in the form of loans. ⑧Naturally he will try to borrow money at a low 9 of interest, but loans of this kind are not
10 obtainable. ［139words］
1.［A］ otherthan ［B］ aswellas ［C］ insteadof ［D］ morethan
2.［A］ onlyif ［B］ muchas ［C］ longbefore ［D］ eversince
3.［A］ for ［B］ against ［C］ of ［D］ towards
4.［A］ replace ［B］ purchase ［C］ supplement ［D］ dispose
5.［A］ enhance ［B］ mix ［C］ feed ［D］ raise
6.［A］ vessels ［B］ routes ［C］ paths ［D］ channels
7.［A］ self-confident ［B］ self-sufficient ［C］ self-satisfied ［D］self-restrained
8.［A］ search ［B］ save ［C］ offer ［D］ seek
9.［A］ proportion ［B］ percentage ［C］ rate ［D］ ratio
10.［A］ genuinely ［B］ obviously ［C］ presumably ［D］ frequently
PartⅡReadingComprehension
Directions:
Eachofthepassagesbelowisfollowedbysomequestions.Foreachquestiontherearefouranswersmarked［A］,
［B］, ［C］ and ［D］.Readthepassagescarefullyandchoosethebestanswertoeachofthequestions.Thenmark
youransweronANSWERSHEET1byblackeningthecorrespondingletterinthebracketswithapencil.(40points)
Passage1
①Ahistoryoflongandeffortlesssuccesscanbeadreadfulhandicap,but,ifproperlyhandled,itmaybecomeadriving
force. ②When the United States entered just such a glowing period after the end of the SecondWorld War, it had a market
eight times larger than any competitor, giving its industries unparalleled economies of scale. ③Its scientists were the
world s best; its workers the most skilled. ④(11)America and Americans were prosperous beyond the dreams of the
EuropeansandAsianswhoseeconomiesthewarhaddestroyed.
①It was inevitable that this primacy should have narrowed as other countries grew richer. ②Just as inevitably, the
retreat from predominance proved painful. ③By the mid-1980sAmericans had found themselves at a loss over their fading
industrial competitiveness. ④Some hugeAmerican industries, such as consumer electronics, had shrunk or vanished in the
face of foreign competition. ⑤By 1987 there was only oneAmerican television maker left, Zenith. ⑥(Now there is none:
Zenith was bought by South Korea’s LG Electronics in July.) ⑦（12）Foreign-made cars and textiles were sweeping into the
domestic market. America’s machine-tool industry was on the ropes. ⑧For a while it looked as though the making of
semiconductors, whichAmerica had invented and which sat at the heart of the new computer age, was going to be the next
casualty.
①Allofthiscausedacrisisofconfidence.②Americansstoppedtakingprosperityforgranted.③Theybegantobelieve
pastpapers.cn
that their way of doing business was failing, and that their incomes would therefore shortly begin to fall as well. ④The
mid-1980s brought one inquiry after another into the causes ofAmerica’s industrial decline. ⑤Their sometimes sensational
findingswerefilledwithwarningsaboutthegrowingcompetitionfromoverseas.
①How things have changed! ②In 1995 the United States can look back on five years of solid growth while Japan has
beenstruggling. ③（14）FewAmericans attribute this solely to suchobvious causes as a devalued dollar or the turning of the
business cycle. ④Self-doubt has yielded to blind pride. ⑤“American industry has changed its structure, has gone on a diet,
has learnt to be more quick-witted,” according to Richard Cavanaugh, executive dean of Harvard’s Kennedy School of
Government.⑥“ItmakesmeproudtobeanAmericanjusttoseehowourbusinessesareimprovingtheirproductivity,”says
Stephen Moore of the Cato Institute, a think-tank in Washington, DC. ⑦And William Sahlman of the Harvard Business
School believes that people will look back on this period as “a golden age of business management in the United States.”
［429words］
11.TheU.S.achieveditspredominanceafterWorldWarIIbecause.
［A］ ithadmadepainstakingeffortstowardsthisgoal
［B］ itsdomesticmarketwaseighttimeslargerthanbefore
［C］ thewarhaddestroyedtheeconomiesofmostpotentialcompetitors
［D］ theunparalleledsizeofitsworkforcehadgivenanimpetustoitseconomy
12.ThelossofU.S.predominanceintheworldeconomyinthe1980sismanifestedinthefactthattheAmerican.
［A］ TVindustryhadwithdrawntoitsdomesticmarket
［B］ semiconductorindustryhadbeentakenoverbyforeignenterprises
［C］ machine-toolindustryhadcollapsedaftersuicidalactions
［D］ autoindustryhadlostpartofitsdomesticmarket
13.Whatcanbeinferredfromthepassage?
［A］ Itishumannaturetoshiftbetweenself-doubtandblindpride.
［B］ Intensecompetitionmaycontributetoeconomicprogress.
［C］ Therevivaloftheeconomydependsoninternationalcooperation.
［D］ Alonghistoryofsuccessmaypavethewayforfurtherdevelopment.
14.TheauthorseemstobelievetherevivaloftheU.S.economyinthe1990scanbeattributedtothe.
［A］ turningofthebusinesscycle ［B］ restructuringofindustry
［C］ improvedbusinessmanagement ［D］ successineducation
Passage2
①（15）Beinga man hasalways beendangerous.②There areabout105males bornforevery 100females, butthis ratio
dropstonearbalanceattheageofmaturity,andamong70-year-oldstherearetwiceasmanywomenasmen.③Butthegreat
universal of male mortality is being changed. ④Now, boy babies survive almost as well as girls do. ⑤This means that, for
the first time, there will be an excess of boys in those crucial years when they are searching for a mate. ⑥More important,
another chance for natural selection has been removed. ⑦Fifty years ago, the chance of a baby (particularly a boy baby)
survivingdependedonits weight. Akilogram toolightortooheavy meantalmostcertain death.⑧Todayitmakes almost
nodifference.Sincemuchofthevariationisduetogenes,onemoreagentofevolutionhasgone.
①Thereisanotherwayto commitevolutionarysuicide:stayalive, buthavefewerchildren.②Few peopleareasfertile
as in the past. ③Except in some religious communities, very few women have 15 children. ④Nowadays the number of
births, like the age of death, has become average. ⑤Most of us have roughly the same number of offspring. ⑥（16）Again,
differences between people and the opportunity for naturalselection to take advantage of it have diminished. ⑦India shows
what is happening. The country offers wealth for a few in the great cities and poverty for the remaining tribal peoples.
⑧The grand mediocrity of today—everyone being the same in survival and number of offspring—means that natural
selectionhaslost80%ofitspowerinupper-middle-classIndiacomparedtothetribes.
For us, this means that evolution is over; the biological Utopia has arrived. ②Strangely, it has involved little physical
change. ③No other species fills so many places in nature. ④But in the past 100, 000 years—even the past 100 years—our
lives have been transformed but our bodies have not. ⑤（17）We did not evolve, because machines and society did it for us.
⑥Darwinhadaphrasetodescribethoseignorantofevolution:they“lookatanorganicbeingasasavage looks ataship,as
pastpapers.cn
at something wholly beyond his comprehension.”⑦No doubt we will remember a 20th century way of life beyond
comprehension for its ugliness. But however amazed our descendants may be at how far from Utopia we were, they will
lookjustlikeus.［406words］
15.Whatusedtobethedangerinbeingamanaccordingtothefirstparagraph?
［A］ Alackofmates. ［B］ Afiercecompetition.
［C］ Alowersurvivalrate. ［D］ Adefectivegene.
16.WhatdoestheexampleofIndiaillustrate?
［A］ Wealthypeopletendtohavefewerchildrenthanpoorpeople.
［B］ Naturalselectionhardlyworksamongtherichandthepoor.
［C］ Themiddleclasspopulationis80%smallerthanthatofthetribes.
［D］ Indiaisoneofthecountrieswithaveryhighbirthrate.
17.Theauthorarguesthatourbodieshavestoppedevolvingbecause.
［A］ lifehasbeenimprovedbytechnologicaladvance
［B］ thenumberoffemalebabieshasbeendeclining
［C］ ourspecieshasreachedthehigheststageofevolution
［D］ thedifferencebetweenwealthandpovertyisdisappearing
18.Whichofthefollowingwouldbethebesttitleforthepassage?
［A］ SexRatioChangesinHumanEvolution.
［B］ WaysofContinuingMan’sEvolution.
［C］ TheEvolutionaryFutureofNature.
［D］ HumanEvolutionGoingNowhere.
Passage3
①（20）Whenanewmovementinartattainsacertainfashion,itisadvisabletofindoutwhatitsadvocatesareaimingat,
for, however farfetched and unreasonable their principles may seem today, it is possible that in years to come they may be
regarded as normal. ②With regard to Futurist poetry, however, the case is rather difficult, for whatever Futurist poetry may
be—evenadmittingthatthetheoryonwhichitisbasedmayberight—itcanhardlybeclassedasLiterature.
①This,in brief, is whattheFuturist says: for acentury,pastconditions oflife have beenconditionallyspeedingup,till
now we live in a world of noise and violence and speed. ②Consequently, our feelings, thoughts and emotions have
undergoneacorrespondingchange.③（21）Thisspeedingupoflife,saystheFuturist,requiresanewformofexpression.④We
mustspeedupourliteraturetoo,ifwewanttointerpretmodernstress.⑤Wemustpouroutalargestreamofessentialwords,
unhampered by stops, or qualifying adjectives, or finite verbs. ⑥Instead of describing sounds we must make up words that
imitate them; we must usemany sizes of type anddifferentcoloredinks onthe same page,and shortenor lengthenwords at
will.
①Certainlytheirdescriptionsofbattlesareconfused.②Butitisalittleupsettingtoreadintheexplanatorynotesthata
certain line describes a fight between a Turkish and a Bulgarian officer on a bridge off which they both fall into the river
—andthentofindthatthelineconsistsofthenoiseoftheirfallingandtheweightsoftheofficers: “Pluff!Pluff!Ahundred
andeighty-fivekilograms.”
①（22）This,thoughitfulfillsthelawsandrequirementsofFuturistpoetry,canhardlybeclassedasLiterature.②Allthe
same,nothinkingmancanrefusetoaccepttheirfirstproposition:thatagreatchangeinouremotionallife callsforachange
ofexpression.③Thewholequestionisreallythis:haveweessentiallychanged?［334words］
19.Thispassageismainly.
［A］ asurveyofnewapproachestoart
［B］ areviewofFuturistpoetry
［C］ aboutmeritsoftheFuturistmovement
［D］ aboutlawsandrequirementsofliterature
20.Whenanovelliteraryideaappears,peopleshouldtryto.
［A］ determineitspurposes ［B］ ignoreitsflaws
［C］ followthenewfashions ［D］ accepttheprinciples
pastpapers.cn
21.Futuristsclaimthatwemust.
［A］ increasetheproductionofliterature
［B］ usepoetrytorelievemodernstress
［C］ developnewmodesofexpression
［D］ avoidusingadjectivesandverbs
22.TheauthorbelievesthatFuturistpoetryis.
［A］ basedonreasonableprinciples
［B］ newandacceptabletoordinarypeople
［C］ indicativeofabasicchangeinhumannature
［D］ moreofatransientphenomenonthanliterature
Passage4
①（23）AimlessnesshashardlybeentypicalofthepostwarJapanwhoseproductivityandsocialharmonyaretheenvyof
the United States and Europe. ②But increasingly the Japanese are seeing a decline of the traditional work-moral values.
③Ten years ago young people were hardworking and saw their jobs as their primary reason for being, but now Japan has
largelyfulfilleditseconomicneeds,andyoungpeopledon’tknowwheretheyshouldgonext.
①The coming of age of the postwar baby boom and an entry of women into the male-dominated job market have
limited the opportunities of teen-agers who are already questioning the heavy personal sacrifices involved in climbing
Japan’s rigid social ladder to good schools and jobs. ②In a recent survey, it was found that only 24.5 percent of Japanese
students were fully satisfied with schoollife, compared with 67.2percentof students in the United States. ③In addition,far
more Japanese workers expressed dissatisfaction with their jobs than did their counterparts in the 10 other countries
surveyed.
①While often praised by foreigners for its emphasis on the basics, Japanese education tends to stress test taking and
mechanical learning over creativity and self-expression. ② （ 25 ） “Those things that do not show up in the test
scores—personality, ability, courage or humanity—are completely ignored,” says Toshiki Kaifu, chairman of the ruling
Liberal Democratic Party’s education committee. ③“Frustration against this kind of thing leads kids to drop out and run
wild.” ④Last year Japan experienced 2，125 incidents of school violence, including 929 assaults on teachers. ⑤Amid the
outcry, many conservative leaders are seeking a return to the prewar emphasis on moral education. ⑥Last year Mitsuo
Setoyama, who was then education minister, raised eyebrows when he argued that liberal reforms introduced by the
AmericanoccupationauthoritiesafterWorldWarIIhadweakenedthe“Japanesemoralityofrespectforparents.”
①（26）But that may have more to do with Japanese life-styles. ②“In Japan,” says educator Yoko Muro, “it’s never a
question of whether you enjoy your job and your life, but only how much you can endure.” ③With economic growth has
come centralization;fully 76percentofJapan’s119millioncitizens live incities wherecommunity andtheextended family
have been abandoned in favor of isolated, two-generation households. ④Urban Japanese have long endured lengthy
commutes (travels to and from work) and crowded living conditions, but as the old group and family values weaken, the
discomfort is beginning to tell. ⑤In the past decade, the Japanese divorce rate, while still well below that of the United
States,hasincreasedbymorethan50percent,andsuicideshaveincreasedbynearlyone-quarter.［447words］
23.IntheWesterners’eyes,thepostwarJapanwas.
［A］ underaimlessdevelopment ［B］ apositiveexample
［C］ arivaltotheWest ［D］ onthedecline
24.Accordingtotheauthor,whatmaychieflyberesponsibleforthemoraldeclineofJapanesesociety?
［A］ Women’sparticipationinsocialactivitiesislimited.
［B］ Moreworkersaredissatisfiedwiththeirjobs.
［C］ Excessiveemphasishasbeenplacedonthebasics.
［D］ Thelife-stylehasbeeninfluencedbyWesternvalues.
25.Whichofthefollowingistrueaccordingtotheauthor?
［A］ Japaneseeducationispraisedforhelpingtheyoungclimbthesocialladder.
［B］ Japaneseeducationischaracterizedbymechanicallearningaswellascreativity.
［C］ Morestressshouldbeplacedonthecultivationofcreativity.
pastpapers.cn
［D］ Droppingoutleadstofrustrationagainsttesttaking.
26.ThechangeinJapaneselife-styleisrevealedinthefactthat.
［A］ theyoungarelesstolerantofdiscomfortsinlife
［B］ thedivorcerateinJapanexceedsthatintheU.S.
［C］ theJapaneseenduremorethaneverbefore
［D］ theJapaneseappreciatetheirpresentlife
Passage5
①（27）Ifambitionistobewellregarded,therewardsofambition—wealth,distinction,controloverone’sdestiny—must
be deemed worthy of the sacrifices made on ambition’s behalf. ②If the tradition of ambition is to have vitality, it must be
widely shared; and it especially must be highly regarded by people who are themselves admired, the educated not least
among them. ③（28）In an odd way,however,it is the educated who have claimed to have given up on ambition as an ideal.
④Whatisoddisthattheyhaveperhapsmostbenefitedfromambition—ifnotalwaystheirownthenthatoftheirparentsand
grandparents. ⑤There is a heavy note of hypocrisy in this, a case of closing the barn door after the horses have
escaped—withtheeducatedthemselvesridingonthem.
①Certainlypeopledonotseemless interestedinsuccessandits signs nowthanformerly.②Summerhomes, European
travel, BMWs—the locations, place names and name brands may change, but such items do not seem less in demand today
than a decade or two years ago.③（29）What has happened is that people cannot confess fully to their dreams, as easily and
openlyasoncetheycould,lesttheybethoughtpushing,acquisitiveandvulgar.④Instead,wearetreatedto finehypocritical
spectacles,whichnowmorethaneverseeminamplesupply:thecriticofAmericanmaterialismwithaSouthamptonsummer
home; the publisher of radical books who takes his meals in three-star restaurants; the journalist advocating participatory
democracy in all phases of life, whose own children are enrolled in private schools. ⑤For such people and many more
perhapsnotsoexceptional,theproperformulationis,“Succeedatallcostsbutavoidappearingambitious.”
①The attacks on ambition are many and come from various angles; its public defenders are few and unimpressive,
where they are not extremely unattractive. ②As a result, the support for ambition as a healthy impulse, a quality to be
admired and fixed in the mind of the young, is probably lower than it has ever been in the United States. ③This does not
mean that ambition is at an end, that people no longer feel its stirrings and promptings, but only that, no longer openly
honored, it is less openly professed. ④Consequences follow from this, of course, some of which are that ambition is driven
underground,ormadesly.⑤Such, then,is theway things stand:onthe left angry critics, onthe right stupid supporters, and
inthemiddle,asusual,themajorityofearnestpeopletryingtogetoninlife. ［431words］
27.Itisgenerallybelievedthatambitionmaybewellregardedif.
［A］ itsreturnswellcompensateforthesacrifices
［B］ itisrewardedwithmoney,fameandpower
［C］ itsgoalsarespiritualratherthanmaterial
［D］ itissharedbytherichandthefamous
28.Thelastsentenceofthefirstparagraphmostprobablyimpliesthatitis.
［A］ customaryoftheeducatedtodiscardambitioninwords
［B］ toolatetocheckambitiononceithasbeenletout
［C］ dishonesttodenyambitionafterthefulfillmentofthegoal
［D］ impracticalfortheeducatedtoenjoybenefitsfromambition
29.Somepeopledonotopenlyadmittheyhaveambitionbecause.
［A］ theythinkofitasimmoral
［B］ theirpursuitsarenotfameorwealth
［C］ ambitionisnotcloselyrelatedtomaterialbenefits
［D］ theydonotwanttoappeargreedyandcontemptible
30.Fromthelastparagraphtheconclusioncanbedrawnthatambitionshouldbemaintained.
［A］ secretlyandvigorously ［B］ openlyandenthusiastically
［C］ easilyandmomentarily ［D］ verballyandspiritually
pastpapers.cn
PartⅢEnglish-ChineseTranslation
Directions:
Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation
mustbewrittenneatlyonANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
Governments throughout the world act on the assumption that the welfare of their people depends largely on the
economicstrengthandwealthofthecommunity.31）Undermodernconditions,thisrequiresvaryingmeasuresofcentralized
controlandhencethehelpofspecializedscientists suchaseconomistsandoperationalresearchexperts.32）Furthermore,it
is obvious that the strength of a country’s economy is directly bound up with the efficiency of its agriculture and industry,
and that this in turn rests upon the efforts of scientists and technologists of all kinds. It also means that governments are
increasingly compelled to interfere in these sectors in order to step up production and ensure that it is utilized to the best
advantage.Forexample,theymayencourageresearchinvariousways,includingthesettingupoftheirownresearchcenters;
they may alter the structure of education, or interfere in order to reduce the wastage of natural resources or tap resources
hitherto unexploited; or they may cooperate directly in the growing number of international projects related to science,
economics andindustry.Inanycase,allsuchinterventions areheavily dependentonscientific advice andalso scientific and
technologicalmanpowerofallkinds.
33）Owingto theremarkable developmentinmass-communications, peopleeverywhereare feelingnewwantsandare
being exposed to new customs and ideas, while governments are often forced to introduce still further innovations for the
reasons given above. At the same time, the normal rate of social change throughout the world is taking place at a vastly
accelerated speed compared with the past. For example, 34）in the early industrialized countries of Europe the process of
industrialization—with all the far-reaching changes in social patterns that followed—was spread over nearly a century,
whereasnowadaysadevelopingnationmayundergothesameprocessinadecadeorso.Allthishastheeffectofbuildingup
unusual pressures and tensions within the community and consequently presents serious problems for the governments
concerned.35）Additionalsocialstressesmayalsooccurbecauseofthepopulationexplosionorproblemsarisingfrommass
migration movements—themselves made relatively easy nowadays by modern means of transport. As a result of all these
factors, governments are becoming increasingly dependent on biologists and social scientists for planning the appropriate
programsandputtingthemintoeffect. ［390words］
Section ⅣWriting(15 points)
36.Directions:
A.Studythefollowingtwopicturescarefullyandwriteanessayofatleast150words.
B.YouressaymustbewrittenneatlyonANSWERSHEET2.
C.Youressayshouldmeettherequirementsbelow:
1）Describethepictures.
2）Deducethepurposeofthepainterofthepictures.
3）Suggestcounter-measures.
pastpapers.cn


---

## 未知年份年 英语(类型未知) (来源: 1999.pdf)
1999 年全国攻读硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题
Part ⅠClozeTest
Directions：
Foreachnumberedblankinthefollowingpassage,therearefourchoicesmarked［A］,［B］,［C］and ［D］.
Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the
bracketswithapencil.(10points)
Industrial safety does not just happen. Companies 1 low accident rates plan their safety programs, work hard to
organize them, and continue working to keep them 2 and active.When the work is well done, a 3 of accident free
operationsisestablished 4 timelostduetoinjuriesiskeptataminimum.
Successful safety programs may 5 greatly in the emphasis placed on certain aspects of the program. Some place
great emphasis on mechanicalguarding. Others stress safe work practices by 6 rules or regulations. 7 others depend
on an emotional appeal to the worker. But, there are certain basic ideas that must be used in every program if maximum
resultsaretobeobtained.
There can be no question about the value of a safety program. From a financial standpoint alone, safety 8 . The
fewertheinjury 9 ,thebettertheworkman’sinsurancerate.Thismaymeanthedifferencebetweenoperatingat 10 or
ataloss.
1.［A］ at ［B］ in ［C］ on ［D］ with
2.［A］ alive ［B］ vivid ［C］ mobile ［D］ diverse
3.［A］ regulation ［B］ climate ［C］ circumstance ［D］ requirement
4.［A］ where ［B］ how ［C］ what ［D］ unless
5.［A］ alter ［B］ differ ［C］ shift ［D］ distinguish
6.［A］ constituting ［B］ aggravating［C］ observing ［D］ justifying
7.［A］ Some ［B］ Many ［C］ Even ［D］ Still
8.［A］ comesoff ［B］ turnsup ［C］ paysoff ［D］ holdsup
9.［A］ claims ［B］ reports ［C］ declarations ［D］ proclamations
10.［A］ anadvantage ［B］ abenefit ［C］ aninterest ［D］ aprofit
Part ⅡReadingComprehension
Directions:
Eachofthepassagesbelowisfollowedbysomequestions.Foreachquestiontherearefouranswersmarked［A］,
［B］, ［C］ and ［D］.Readthepassagescarefullyandchoosethebestanswertoeachofthequestions.Thenmark
youransweronANSWERSHEET1byblackeningthecorrespondingletterinthebracketswithapencil.(40points)
Passage1
It’s a rough world out there. Step outside and you could break a leg slipping on your doormat. Light up the stove and
youcouldburndownthehouse.Luckily,ifthedoormatorstovefailedtowarnofcomingdisaster,asuccessfullawsuitmight
compensate you for your troubles. Or so the thinking has gone since the early 1980s, when juries began holding more
companiesliablefortheircustomers’misfortunes.
Feeling threatened, companies responded by writing ever longer warning labels, trying to anticipate every possible
accident.Today, stepladders carry labels several inches long that warn, among other things, that you might—surprise!—fall
off.Thelabelonachild’sBatmancapecautionsthatthetoy“doesnotenableusertofly”.
While warnings are often appropriate and necessary—the dangers of drug interactions, for example—and many are
requiredbystateorfederalregulations,itisn’tclearthattheyactuallyprotectthemanufacturersandsellersfromliabilityifa
customerisinjured.About50percentofthecompanieslosewheninjuredcustomerstakethemtocourt.
Nowthetideappearstobeturning.Aspersonalinjuryclaimscontinueasbefore,somecourtsarebeginningtosidewith
defendants, especially in cases where a warning label probably wouldn’t have changed anything. In May, Julie Nimmons,
presidentof Schutt Sports in Illinois, successfully fought a lawsuit involving a footballplayer who was paralyzed in a game
pastpapers.cn
while wearing a Schutt helmet. “We’re really sorry he has become paralyzed, but helmets aren’t designed to prevent those
kinds of injuries, ” says Nimmons. The jury agreed that the nature of the game, not the helmet, was the reason for the
athlete’s injury. At the same time, the American Law Institute—a group of judges, lawyers, and academics whose
recommendations carry substantial weight—issued new guidelines for tort law stating that companies need not warn
customersofobviousdangersorbombardthemwithalengthylistofpossibleones.“Importantinformationcangetburiedin
aseaoftrivialities,”saysalawprofessoratCornellLawSchoolwhohelpeddraftthenewguidelines.Ifthemoderateendof
thelegalcommunityhasitsway,theinformationonproductsmightactuallybeprovidedforthebenefitofcustomersandnot
asprotectionagainstlegalliability.
11.Whatwerethingslikein1980swhenaccidentshappened?
［A］ Customersmightberelievedoftheirdisastersthroughlawsuits.
［B］ Injuredcustomerscouldexpectprotectionfromthelegalsystem.
［C］ Companieswouldavoidbeingsuedbyprovidingnewwarnings.
［D］ Juriestendedtofindfaultwiththecompensationscompaniespromised.
12.Manufacturersasmentionedinthepassagetendto.
［A］ satisfycustomersbywritinglongwarningsonproducts
［B］ becomehonestindescribingtheinadequaciesoftheirproducts
［C］ makethebestuseoflabelstoavoidlegalliability
［D］ feelobligedtoviewcustomers’ safetyastheirfirstconcern
13.ThecaseofSchutthelmetdemonstratedthat.
［A］ someinjuryclaimswerenolongersupportedbylaw
［B］ helmetswerenotdesignedtopreventinjuries
［C］ productlabelswouldeventuallybediscarded
［D］ somesportsgamesmightlosepopularitywithathletes
14.Theauthor’sattitudetowardstheissueseemstobe.
［A］ biased ［B］ indifferent ［C］ puzzling ［D］ objective
Passage2
InthefirstyearorsoofWebbusiness,mostoftheactionhasrevolvedaroundeffortstotaptheconsumermarket.More
recently,astheWebprovedtobemorethanafashion,companieshavestartedtobuyandsellproductsandserviceswithone
another. Such business to business sales make sense because business people typically know what product they’re
lookingfor.
Nonetheless, many companies still hesitate to use the Web because of doubts about its reliability. “Businesses need to
feeltheycantrustthepathwaybetweenthemandthesupplier,”sayssenioranalystBlaneErwinofForresterResearch.Some
companies are limiting the risk by conducting online transactions only with established business partners who are given
accesstothecompany’sprivateintranet.
AnothermajorshiftinthemodelforInternetcommerceconcernsthetechnologyavailableformarketing.Untilrecently,
Internet marketing activities have focused on strategies to “pull” customers into sites. In the past year, however, software
companies have developed tools that allow companies to “push” information directly out to consumers, transmitting
marketing messages directly to targeted customers. Most notably, the Pointcast Network uses a screen saver to deliver a
continually updated stream of news and advertisements to subscribers’ computer monitors. Subscribers can customize the
information they want to receive and proceed directly to a company’s Web site. Companies such as Virtual Vineyards are
already starting to use similar technologies to push messages to customers about special sales, product offerings, or other
events. Butpushtechnology has earnedthe contempt of manyWebusers. Online culture thinks highly of the notionthatthe
information flowing onto the screen comes there by specific request. Once commercial promotion begins to fill the screen
uninvited,thedistinctionbetweentheWebandtelevisionfades.That’saprospectthathorrifiesNetpurists.
But it is hardly inevitable that companies on the Web will need to resort to push strategies to make money. The
examplesofVirtualVineyards,Amazon.com,andotherpioneersshowthataWebsitesellingtherightkindofproductswith
the right mix of interactivity, hospitality, and security will attract online customers. And the cost of computing power
continues to free fall, which is a good sign for any enterprise setting up shop in silicon. People looking back 5 or 10 years
pastpapers.cn
fromnowmaywellwonderwhysofewcompaniestooktheonlineplunge.
15.WelearnfromthebeginningofthepassagethatWebbusiness.
［A］ hasbeenstrivingtoexpanditsmarket ［B］ intendedtofollowafancifulfashion
［C］ triedbutinvaintocontrolthemarket ［D］ hasbeenboomingforoneyearorso
16.Speakingoftheonlinetechnologyavailableformarketing,theauthorimpliesthat.
［A］thetechnologyispopularwithmanyWebusers［B］businesseshavefaithinthereliabilityofonlinetransactions
［C］ thereisaradicalchangeinstrategy ［D］ itisaccessiblelimitedlytoestablishedpartners
17.IntheviewofNetpurists,.
［A］ thereshouldbenomarketingmessagesinonlineculture
［B］ moneymakingshouldbegivenprioritytoontheWeb
［C］ theWebshouldbeabletofunctionasthetelevisionset
［D］ thereshouldbenoonlinecommercialinformationwithoutrequests
18.Welearnfromthelastparagraphthat.
［A］ pushinginformationontheWebisessentialtoInternetcommerce
［B］ interactivity,hospitalityandsecurityareimportanttoonlinecustomers
［C］ leadingcompaniesbegantotaketheonlineplungedecadesago
［D］ settingupshopsinsiliconisindependentofthecostofcomputingpower
Passage3
Aninvisibleborderdividesthosearguingforcomputersintheclassroomonthebehalfofstudents’careerprospectsand
those arguing for computers in the classroom for broader reasons of radical educational reform. Very few writers on the
subject have explored this distinction—indeed, contradiction—which goes to the heart of what is wrong with the campaign
toputcomputersintheclassroom.
An education that aims at getting a student a certain kind of job is a technical education, justified for reasons radically
differentfromwhyeducationisuniversallyrequiredbylaw.Itisnotsimplytoraiseeveryone’sjobprospectsthatallchildren
are legally required to attend school into their teens. Rather, we have a certain conception of the American citizen, a
characterwhois incomplete if hecannotcompetently assesshowhis livelihoodandhappinessare affectedbythings outside
ofhimself.Butthiswasnotalwaysthecase;beforeitwaslegallyrequiredforallchildrentoattendschooluntilacertainage,
it was widely accepted that some were just not equipped by nature to pursue this kind of education. With optimism
characteristic of all industrialized countries, we came to accept that everyone is fit to be educated. Computer education
advocates forsake this optimistic notion for a pessimism that betrays their otherwise cheery outlook. Banking on the
confusion between educational and vocational reasons for bringing computers into schools, computered advocates often
emphasizethejobprospectsofgraduatesovertheireducationalachievement.
There are some good arguments for a technical education given the right kind of student. Many European schools
introduce the concept of professional training early on in order to make sure children are properly equipped for the
professions they want to join. It is, however, presumptuous to insist that there will only be so many jobs for so many
scientists, so many businessmen,so many accountants.Besides, this is unlikelyto produce theneedednumber ofevery kind
of professional in a country as large as ours and where the economy is spread over so many states and involves so many
internationalcorporations.
But, for a small group of students, professional training might be the way to go since well developed skills, all other
factors being equal, can be the difference between having a job and not. Of course, the basics of using any computer these
daysareverysimple.Itdoesnottakealifelongacquaintancetopickupvarioussoftwareprograms.Ifonewantedtobecome
a computer engineer,thatis, of course,an entirely differentstory.Basic computer skills take—atthe very longest—a couple
of months to learn. In any case, basic computer skills are only complementary to the host of real skills that are necessary to
becoming any kind of professional. It should be observed, of course, that no school, vocational or not, is helped by a
confusionoveritspurpose.
19.Theauthorthinksthepresentrushtoputcomputersintheclassroomis.
［A］ far reaching ［B］ dubiouslyoriented
［C］ self contradictory ［D］ radicallyreformatory
pastpapers.cn
20.Thebeliefthateducationisindispensabletoallchildren.
［A］ isindicativeofapessimismindisguise
［B］ cameintobeingalongwiththearrivalofcomputers
［C］ isdeeplyrootedinthemindsofcomputer edadvocates
［D］ originatedfromtheoptimisticattitudeofindustrializedcountries
21.Itcouldbeinferredfromthepassagethatintheauthor’scountrytheEuropeanmodelofprofessionaltrainingis.
［A］ dependentuponthestartingageofcandidates ［B］ worthtryinginvarioussocialsections
［C］ oflittlepracticalvalue ［D］ attractivetoeverykindofprofessional
22.Accordingtotheauthor,basiccomputerskillsshouldbe.
［A］ includedasanauxiliarycourseinschool［B］ highlightedinacquisitionofprofessionalqualifications
［C］ masteredthroughalife longcourse ［D］ equallyemphasizedbyanyschool,vocationalorotherwise
Passage4
WhenaScottishresearchteamstartled theworldbyrevealing3monthsagothatithadclonedanadultsheep,President
Clintonmovedswiftly.Declaringthathewasopposedtousingthisunusualanimalhusbandrytechniquetoclonehumans,he
ordered that federal funds not be used for such an experiment—although no one had proposed to do so—and asked an
independent panel of experts chaired by Princeton President Harold Shapiro to report back to the White House in 90 days
with recommendations for a national policy on human cloning. That group—the National BioethicsAdvisory Commission
(NBAC)—hasbeenworkingfeverishlytoputitswisdomonpaper,andatameetingon17May,membersagreedonanear
finaldraftoftheirrecommendations.
NBAC willaskthatClinton’s 90 daybanonfederalfundsfor humancloningbeextendedindefinitely,andpossibly
that it be made law. But NBAC members are planning to word the recommendation narrowly to avoid new restrictions on
research that involves the cloning of human DNA or cells—routine in molecular biology. The panel has not yet reached
agreement on a crucialquestion, however,whether to recommend legislation thatwould make ita crime for private funding
tobeusedforhumancloning.
Inadraftprefacetotherecommendations,discussedatthe17Maymeeting,Shapirosuggestedthatthepanelhadfound
a broad consensus that it would be “morally unacceptable to attempt to create a human child by adult nuclear cloning.”
Shapiro explained during the meeting that the moral doubt stems mainly from fears about the risk to the health of the child.
Thepaneltheninformallyacceptedseveralgeneralconclusions,althoughsomedetailshavenotbeensettled.
NBAC plans to call for a continued ban on federal government funding for any attempt to clone body cell nuclei to
create a child. Because current federal law already forbids the use of federal funds to create embryos (the earliest stage of
human offspring before birth) for research or to knowingly endanger an embryo’s life, NBAC will remain silent on embryo
research.
NBAC members also indicated that they would appeal to privately funded researchers and clinics not to try to clone
humans bybodycellnucleartransfer.Buttheyweredividedonwhetherto go furtherbycallingforafederallaw thatwould
impose a complete banonhuman cloning. Shapiro and most members favored an appealfor suchlegislation,butin aphone
interview,hesaidthisissuewasstill“upintheair”.
23.Wecanlearnfromthefirstparagraphthat.
［A］ federalfundshavebeenusedinaprojecttoclonehumans
［B］ theWhiteHouserespondedstronglytothenewsofcloning
［C］ NBACwasauthorizedtocontrolthemisuseofcloningtechnique
［D］ theWhiteHousehasgotthepanel’srecommendationsoncloning
24.Thepanelagreedonallofthefollowingexceptthat.
［A］ thebanonfederalfundsforhumancloningshouldbemadealaw
［B］ thecloningofhumanDNAisnottobeputundermorecontrol
［C］ itiscriminaltouseprivatefundingforhumancloning
［D］ itwouldbeagainstethicalvaluestocloneahumanbeing
25.NBACwillleavetheissueofembryoresearchundiscussedbecause.
［A］ embryoresearchisjustacurrentdevelopmentofcloning
pastpapers.cn
［B］ thehealthofthechildisnotthemainconcernofembryoresearch
［C］ anembryo’slifewillnotbeendangeredinembryoresearch
［D］ theissueisexplicitlystatedandsettledinthelaw
26.Itcanbeinferredfromthelastparagraphthat.
［A］ someNBACmembershesitatetobanhumancloningcompletely
［B］ alawbanninghumancloningistobepassedinnotime
［C］ privatelyfundedresearcherswillrespondpositivelytoNBAC’sappeal
［D］ theissueofhumancloningwillsoonbesettled
Passage5
Science, in practice, depends far less on the experiments it prepares than on the preparedness of the minds of the men
who watch the experiments. Sir Isaac Newton supposedly discovered gravity through the fall of an apple.Apples had been
falling in many places for centuries and thousands of people had seen them fall. But Newton for years had been curious
aboutthecauseoftheorbitalmotionofthemoonandplanets.Whatkepttheminplace?Whydidn’ttheyfalloutofthesky?
The factthatthe applefelldowntowardthe earth andnotupinto thetree answeredthequestionhehadbeenasking himself
aboutthoselargerfruitsoftheheavens,themoonandtheplanets.
How many men would have considered the possibility of an apple falling up into the tree? Newton did because he was
not trying to predict anything. He was just wondering. His mind was ready for the unpredictable. Unpredictability is part of
theessentialnatureofresearch.If youdon’thaveunpredictablethings, youdon’thaveresearch.Scientists tendtoforgetthis
whenwritingtheircutanddriedreportsforthetechnicaljournals,buthistoryisfilledwithexamplesofit.
In talking to some scientists, particularly younger ones, you might gather the impression that they find the “scientific
method” a substitute for imaginative thought. I’ve attended research conferences where a scientist has been asked what he
thinks about the advisability of continuing a certain experiment. The scientist has frowned, looked at the graphs, and said,
“the data are still inconclusive.” “We know that,” the men from the budget office have said, “but what do you think? Is it
worthwhile going on? What do you think we might expect?” The scientist has been shocked at having even been asked to
speculate.
What this amounts to, of course, is that the scientist has become the victim of his own writings. He has put forward
unquestioned claims so consistently that he not only believes them himself, but has convinced industrial and business
managementthattheyaretrue.Ifexperimentsareplannedandcarriedoutaccordingtoplanasfaithfullyasthereportsinthe
science journals indicate, then it is perfectly logical for management to expect research to produce results measurable in
dollars and cents. It is entirely reasonable for auditors to believe that scientists who know exactly where they are going and
how they will get there should notbe distracted by the necessity of keeping one eye on the cash register while the other eye
is onthe microscope.Nor,if regularity andconformity to astandard patternare asdesirable to thescientistas the writing of
hispaperswouldappeartoreflect,ismanagementtobeblamedfordiscriminatingagainstthe“oddballs”amongresearchers
infavorofmoreconventionalthinkerswho“workwellwiththeteam”.
27.TheauthorwantstoprovewiththeexampleofIsaacNewtonthat.
［A］ inquiringmindsaremoreimportantthanscientificexperiments
［B］ scienceadvanceswhenfruitfulresearchesareconducted
［C］ scientistsseldomforgettheessentialnatureofresearch
［D］ unpredictabilityweighslessthanpredictioninscientificresearch
28.Theauthorassertsthatscientists.
［A］ shouldn’treplace “scientificmethod” withimaginativethought
［B］ shouldn’tneglecttospeculateonunpredictablethings
［C］ shouldwritemoreconcisereportsfortechnicaljournals
［D］ shouldbeconfidentabouttheirresearchfindings
29.Itseemsthatsomeyoungscientists.
［A］ haveakeeninterestinprediction ［B］ oftenspeculateonthefuture
［C］ thinkhighlyofcreativethinking ［D］ stickto “scientificmethod”
30.Theauthorimpliesthattheresultsofscientificresearch.
pastpapers.cn
［A］ maynotbeasprofitableastheyareexpected ［B］ canbemeasuredindollarsandcents
［C］ relyonconformitytoastandardpattern ［D］ aremostlyunderestimatedbymanagement
Part Ⅲ English ChineseTranslation
Directions:
Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation
mustbewrittenclearlyonANSWERSHEET2.(15points)
31）Whiletherearealmostasmanydefinitionsofhistoryastherearehistorians,modernpracticemostcloselyconforms
to onethatseeshistory astheattemptto recreateandexplain thesignificantevents ofthe past.Caughtinthe webof its own
timeandplace,eachgenerationofhistoriansdeterminesanewwhatissignificantforitinthepast.Inthissearchtheevidence
found is always incomplete and scattered; it is also frequently partial or partisan.The irony of the historian’s craft is that its
practitionersalwaysknowthattheireffortsarebutcontributionstoanunendingprocess.
32）Interest in historical methods has arisen less through external challenge to the validity ofhistory as an intellectual
discipline and more from internal quarrels among historians themselves. While history once revered its affinity to literature
and philosophy,the emerging social sciences seemed to afford greater opportunities for asking new questions and providing
rewarding approaches to an understanding of the past. Social science methodologies had to be adapted to a discipline
governedbytheprimacyofhistoricalsourcesratherthantheimperativesofthecontemporaryworld.33）Duringthistransfer,
traditional historical methods were augmented by additional methodologies designed to interpret the new forms of evidence
inthehistoricalstudy.
Methodology is a term that remains inherently ambiguous in the historical profession. 34）There is no agreement
whethermethodologyreferstotheconceptspeculiartohistoricalworkingeneralortotheresearchtechniquesappropriateto
the various branches of historical inquiry. Historians, especially those so blinded by their research interests that they have
been accused of “tunnel method,” frequently fall victim to the “technical fallacy.”Also common in the natural sciences, the
technicistfallacymistakenlyidentifiesthedisciplineasawholewithcertainpartsofitstechnicalimplementation.
35）Itappliesequallytotraditionalhistorianswhoviewhistoryasonlytheexternalandinternalcriticismofsources,and
tosocialsciencehistorianswhoequatetheiractivitywithspecifictechniques.
Section ⅣWriting(15points)
36.Directions:
A.Studythefollowinggraphscarefullyandwriteanessayinatlessthan150words.
B.YouressaymustbewrittenclearlyontheANSWERSHEET2.
C.Youressayshouldcoverthreepoints:
a.effectofthecountry’sgrowinghumanpopulationonitswildlife,
b.possiblereasonsfortheeffect,
c.yoursuggestionforwildlifeprotection
pastpapers.cn


---

